fried green tomatoes, brother that’s a symposium of flavor.
Don’t ever use lighter fluid — it’s un-American. Amateurs, losers, and idiots use lighter fluid.
This really doesn’t do a dang thing, but it makes you feel good about things and makes for good drama.
Shut the front door, son of Tatum O’Neal, that’s dynamite.
it’s outta bounds and so much more than a grilled cheese sandwich.
This patio goes off the hook — I think the folks are in a Flavortown food coma.
Chef Matt says, ‘Get jiggy with it, have some fun!
People who like haggis call it spicy, creamy, rich, and buttery — I don’t wanna tell you what I call it… ha ha
My favorite line ‘Do you get any tater with that gator? James Spader likes gator.’ (Ha ha ha, I kill me. )
It was a lightning bolt of an idea in Flavortown that pranked the un-prankable mayor, Fieri
I don’t know if it’s fair to call their Russian dressing Russian dressing — it should be called something sexy, like liquid Moscow.
I feel like I'm in lasagna surgery here at Flavortown Memorial
what a hot frisbee of fun!
Holy-moly, Stromboli!
This is gangsta!
This is Money!
We're riding the bus to Flavortown!
His seafood is so fresh it'll slap ya
This is out of bounds!
This is off the hook!
I wanna be the ambassador to Chimichanga Flavortown!
Holy cannoli, Batman!
Shut the front door!
No matter how tough the meat may be, it's going to be tender if you slices it thin enough
Like a speed-bump in Flavortown.
you don't have to eat a whole cheeseburger, just take a piece of the cheeseburger.
I lay claim to the knuckle sandwich… it’s my brand, my logo, hell, even my tattoo
This, my friend, is bordering on illegal. And I'm not talking about an ill eagle.
I tell you what, they’d better deliver the real deal.
His seafood is so fresh it’ll slap ya.
I sucked at making my Yorkshire pudding before getting schooled by Anne. Now they’re puffy McMagic, not flat McTragic.
She could feed me beef six ways to Sunday.
They make a porchetta that you won’t forgetta.
Short of screaming-hot Thai food, everything can be suitable for kids too.
Liver is my number one most hated food. Oh, God, I get sick talking about it!
You are like a blackjack dealer at the flavor town casino.
It’s like a hot-dog lasso on the ranch in Flavortown.
Dude, I’ve been stricken by chicken!
IT’S SWEET-AND-CREAMY MEETS HOT-AND-DREAMY!
Love, peace, and taco grease.
This sauce is money!
Do you have a garden hose? something I can clean up with?
this place is bananas. And bananas is good
You've got balls inviting me here.
My great grandfather's name was Giuseppe Fieri, and of course I love Italian food.
Now I'm down here in phoenix, Arizona, where most people would expect, well, southwestern or Mexican food.
So you know I gotta jump at the shot to try some old-school Italian cooking, HERE AT GIUSEPPE'S ON third.
here it is.
Authentic Italian. he's got the fresh pasta.
It's divine.
I love my osso bucco.
Absolutely spectacular.
That's wha-wha-wha! here you go, darlin'.
number one-- the food, and number two-- the wait staff and rich.
What's the matter, you? he's a kick.
cheers, guys.
shrimp ravioli.
(Rich) I ENDED UP PLAYING PROFESSIONALLY In New York, and landed a gig in Florence.
I was there nine years and change.
The food thing there is-- you know, it's everybody's hobby and passion. everybody's everything.
Everything.
BEAUTIFUL. [speaking indistinctly] SO WHEN He came back to the states, he brought the recipes with him, and seven years ago, got this place rolling.
Number one item on the menu everybody loves?
The Bolognese ragu.
It's not like the meat sauce I make at home, that's for sure.
I have to talk some people into it, you own 'em.
I got 'em. so it's Bolognese time.
Ragu time. get it on.
Hot pot, we throw in the beef.
Here's pounds of sausage and ground turkey.
the wife of one of my great tennis pals back in Florence.
She was big on mixing poultry and meats.
Fantastic.
So now we just break this up, let it brown a little bit.
Sweat out some bacon. render out the fat.
Yep, and then I take the bacon out, I put the bacon in here.
that's right.
Add a little olive oil to the bacon fat.
This is right up the lines of my Bolognese.
Carrots, when the vegetables have softened a little bit, put in some chopped garlic, the real deal.
So this is a little wine I make with a good pal of mine. really?
Yeah, ruby cabernet. we make it every year.
Nothin' I don't like more than a little wine in some ground-up meat.
now I'm gonna put some tomato paste in.
some "ti-mo"-- thyme and rosemary combination.
fresh, yes.
let that do its thing for five, ten minutes.
Then I'm gonna put all the tomato paste mixture in with the meat.
I throw in some water. no more tomato sauce?
No more tomato. seriously?
Yep. mine was a little bit different.
This is meat times ten. raw chicken legs.
Looks like voodoo Bolognese.
You're just gonna stick some chicken legs in there?
After two hours, I take 'em out, I take the meat off, chop it up, throw the meat back in, and that's it.
oh, those look so good raw.
This would go for another hour now.
And it's headin' for some homemade pasta.
We make these tagliatelle just on the weekend.
for fresh pasta, put it on our new-age rack.
This is instead of the back of your grandmother's chair.
that's some nice fresh-made pasta.
I'm barely able to talk right now 'cause of the drool.
look at how that broke down.
In? yes, in we go.
Parmigiano-Reggiano. oh, oh! seriously?
in a little Italian joint in a strip mall?
You bet, you bet. a little parsley.
Okay, we're good to go.
yes, I will not for-get-a you, either.
Yes. look at this.
Hold me. that's delicious.
Isn't that great? mmm.
God, mine sucks compared to this.
That was sweet. no, seriously.
Mmm, the meat-- it's so nice and tender, and the pasta just is the perfect-- wow, that's good. you've gotta come try this.
Crazy good.
It's perfect. wonderful combination of meats.
old school.
He knows how to make food the way my mother makes it.
Let's put some pasta in there.
You just wouldn't expect something this good, this authentic in a strip mall.
The shrimp ravioli.
In a little joint with only tables.
We got about , square feet, I was gonna say
It's quaint, it's fun. the food's great.
From classics like spaghetti carbonara with
to calamari braised all this food I learned from friends with the occasional rich twist.
When I have the time, I try to do something that I haven't been doing--a different dessert or a different dish.
pork shanks out of it.
I tried the pork, and people are loving it.
Just a little salt, and I'm gonna add pepper.
on that. well, there's a lot going on here.
Right, so now we're gonna lightly flour these.
Just on the ends, huh? yeah. hot pan.
All right, you put a little sear on the top and the bottom.
About three, four minutes on a side.
Okay, the little crust.
All right, I'm down with where we are.
gonna sauté my vegetables. yeah, I love the red onion.
Did you see that getting used predominantly in Italy?
In Florence. where I was-- only red onion.
bit. celery.
see the droopy eyes?
A little salt and pepper, throw in some garlic, my favorite--rosemary and thyme--I just love that.
I give it a stir.
I'm just gonna put a little bit down on the bottom.
Now I'm just gonna put the osso bucco on top.
I'm gonna put the rest of the vegetables in, just everywhere. it's like garden madness.
It is. a little tomato sauce?
A little tomato sauce. so far, so great.
A little wine. oh. degrees for how long?
Two and a half hours. I can't wait.
Nuggets of happiness.
I can just touch it and just see it's falling-- pan's hot.
Came out of the oven. oh.
complements this? yes.
A little oil, a little lemon, a little parsley.
We put the pasta in, give this a toss.
Oh, that fresh pasta just rocks.
Look at that. beautiful drippings.
Look at the way it just pulls right away from that bone.
Anytime you can cook the meat next to that big of a bone, the flavor's gotta be just intense. yeah.
Mmm. wow.
That's so super flavor. oh, man.
I never had it with pork shanks before. no?
Wow, what a treat, and a little bit of the mirepoix-- the carrots and the celery-- really nice.
Delicious.
Italy. yeah.
it is always really good.
always just really nice coming back here.
We know we're gonna get a good meal, AND WE'RE GONNA ENJOY OURSELVES. (all) CHIN Chin.
It's a total dream. I love the clientele.
So much fun and satisfying.
I think that's the musician in you.
This time you're just playing your masterpiece on the canvas of the plate. thank you.
Wow.
I'm out on that.
diner and adobe.
Yeah. Santa Fe.
great green chile here.
right away.
Means corned beef hash with a southwestern kick.
and off he goes with the corned beef hash.
Take things as they come?
I've got an idea.
Or improvise?
So check it out-- by now, we're all pretty familiar with diners, right?
Comfort food, made by great people, family environment, eclectic menus-- now in jersey, it's all about the stainless steel diner, but in Santa Fe., New Mexico-- well, welcome to the adobe diner.
You gotta check out Zia.
comfort food, southwestern style.
fries. uh-huh.
Avocado gazpacho. fabulous.
Smoked salmon quesadilla. love it, man.
Jodi, you're up! and all the diner classics.
fish-and-chips, king.
Diner gone wild. diner gone wild.
table.
very fresh.
And almost totally from scratch, like organic chicken-fried steak, you had me at hello on this.
it's delicious.
Quesadilla. so how are we gonna do this?
We're gonna make a rub with equal parts salt, a little cayenne, so you get a little bit of heat there.
That's my measuring technique-- we've got onion powder, garlic powder.
Mix it up, and it goes right onto the salmon.
Hitting it with a little bit of lime juice.
And we're not gonna go to a smoker.
we just put a bunch of hickory chips in here, put a little bit of water, steam pan insert, get a nice little seal on there and over here it goes.
Yep. and then quesa-dill-ia time.
So the salmon is done. good lookin'.
Mmm, great. so how do we make one of these?
but a nice, thick flour tortilla.
And then we putasadero cheese on this. what--asadero?
Asadero is a Mexican melting cheese.
What do you think? good texture to it.
Some caramelized shallots and our smoked salmon.
[whistles] GENEROUS PORTION.
And now this is gonna go into the pizza oven.
Just about three minutes. three minutes.
There's our nice melted asadero cheese, and we are going to slice up some avocado to put on that, there we go, and let's cut that big boy up.
This is a sweet red chile sauce we make.
(giggles) That's outstanding. isn't that good?
That is a balance of flavors that complement each other so well.
You put some nice heat on it--mmm-- then you bring the sweetness in from the caramelized shallots.
that cheese has got some nice saltiness to it.
And the creaminess of the avocado-- I'm really glad you like it.
Every time I come in here, I think, I'm gonna eat something else, and I end up eating the salmon.
Same thing again. every time.
With that smoked flavor of the salmon with a little bit of heat--love it, man.
we've got an asiago with vinaigrette.
We buy it from the farmer's market in the summer.
We buy all of our beef from a ranch all of the beef that you're using here in Zia. they're organic, they’re grass-fed.
love their burgers.
the meatloaf is the best.
Even the homemade corned beef hash.
Any time someone is brining and doing yep.
thyme.
and a little of my favorite-- the juniper berries.
I dig it.
We're gonna put some spice rub down, and then our brisket.
we get much better penetration if you're not using a big, thick piece of meat.
So now we're gonna wrap it up.
Now you do want to weight this down.
Put the heavy tin cans on there, and then-- in the walk-in it goes.
holds it
Yep. wow.
first we rinse it, 'cause there's an awful lot of salt on there.
Then it goes into the pot.
We just put enough water in there to cover it.
Put in some carrots, some celery and onion.
pull it out, let it cool and then tear into it.
We chop it. okay, like this?
Inch? that's it. that's beautiful.
We put the potatoes and the onion in first. okay.
we let that cook for a little while.
yeah.
So I kind of under-salt this.
So we'll go ahead and put a little pepper, and then we put the corned beef in at the last minute.
But now what is that over there on that part of the wall?
oh, they moved it. never mind.
Are you ready to taste it? I'm ready to rock.
Mmm. smells killer. mmm.
That corned beef just carries its own flavor, and that really is good beef, too, you're right. it's good beef.
There's enough juice going on with it, do you want to put a little green chile in there?
I hope I'm not breaking any, you know, rules here in the international brotherhood
Uh-huh. is what makes that.
you can't come to New Mexico and not eat our green chile.
Hey, what's that over there?
And off he goes with the corned beef hash.
How's the hash today? it's good.
I mixed a little green chile into mine and oh. oh.
are my green enchiladas almost ready?
Everything that I've had here tastes great.
and Beth’s always thinkin' of something new.
We just want to keep kind of up in the game.
Like an ahi tuna sandwich with mango salsa, green chile eggs Benedict and a totally fresh
Corn and avocado gazpacho.
it's like cold guacamole soup.
When we come back. mmm, that's really nice.
at the Zia. diner in Santa
We've got one salmon quesadilla.
Beth draiscol's doing it all her way.
Diner and adobe. yeah.
mixin' up the
with southwest standards.
one of my favorites is the green chile cheese fries.
Mmm. where's that been all my diet?
And for the gazpacho, she's only using what's fresh, local and in season.
Avocado corn-- it's fabulous.
It's like guacamole soup. very, very good.
all right, so give me a rundown.
So we're gonna take some yellow squash and zucchini, red bell peppers and onions, and we're gonna put those into the robot coupe and pulse that up.
So that's your texture.
okay.
Straight from the farmers' market yesterday.
Finely diced roman tomatoes, cilantro, gotta have a little heat in there.
And then we put a bunch a bit on the chunkier side.
this takes quite a bit of salt 'cause those avocados are pretty mild.
Yeah.
we'll put a little pepper.
Now we just let that sit there for a minute while we go ahead and make our avocado purée.
Some ice water.
we just want it to be cold the minute it's done.
you hold, I'll scrape.
Okay, and now we put a bunch more water in here, and then we're gonna just whisk it up really well.
Would you like to taste it? absolutely.
Mmm. get the lemon juice right off the top.
We get good corn in northern New Mexico.
Mmm.
You know what else I like, is that it's not so cold-- that you really can taste the tomato-- everybody's kind of bright in there. yeah.
Mmm. that's really nice.
I'm gonna sit here and finish this because this is really good. it's fabulous.
you can't beat it.
How's dinner tonight? oh, it's wonderful.
got your chicken here, kiddo.
good down-home, Americana-type food.
And lots of Santa Fe. cuisine.
yeah, I do love what I do.
It shows. how are you?
say that five times fast.
Green chile cheese fries, green chile cheese fries, green chile cheese fries, green chile cheese fries, green chile ch-ree-- cheese fries. oh!
Darn! you had it!
Oh, you were so close.
So that's it for this trip, but I'll be lookin' for you " look at that.
Hush puppy.
(high-pitched voice) NEXT ON"DINERS, DRIVE-INS " ([laughter]) Hi, I'm Fieri, and we're rollin' out, lookin' for America's greatest “diners, drive-ins " cheers. bon appétit.
(Guy) THIS TRIP. THAT IS FANTASTIC, MAN.
I love this little place.
mmm.
I think your eyeballs are sweatin'.
check your attitude at the door.
This is like being in grade school again.
and fresh welded sculpture they're makin' out back. that's crazy.
I wondered where I had parked my four boats.
for somethin' called schultzie's mess.
I'll down that in two minutes. no.
in Michigan, a place called the fly
Wow, it's got great spice. is diner cookin'.
This is too gorgeous to eat in the kitchen.
it's awesome.
THE BARBECUE COMES TO YOU. (Guy) I THINK You can stand up that's good barbecue.
that's all right here right now " ♪♪♪♪♪♪
Closed Captions provided by Scripps Networks, Llc.
Captioned by Closed Captioning Services, Inc.
When I say, "Kansas City," you're probably thinkin' steak or barbecue, but not on this trip.
Today I'm thinkin' something else, like an old auto-parts-store- turned-restaurant run by a transplanted, east-coaster sculptor where the place and the food are both off the hook-- a place like grinders.
Check your attitude at the door, is what we say.
Here you go.
That's wings!
Holdin' down.
His name is stretch. I'm a very big man.
I'm the that colors outside the lines.
British army helmets, circa.
HE'S DIFFERENT. (growling) And he's got an off-the-hook way you did that backwards.
You know, that's however I want to do it.
it's a breathing tank for oxygen, yeah.
yeah, well, it's stretch--the food is stretch-a-licious.
There you go. the pizza is just my favorite.
with all kinds of homemade
Man, this is like being in grade school again.
Cheesesteaks stretch insists
I'm from Philly area.
I think I can make a cheese steak wherever I go in the world.
your eyeballs are sweatin'.
In a hundred-year-old building with food
and monster metal sculptures in the back.
weighs about, pounds.
no crazier than stretch deciding it makes perfect sense for a sculptor to open a restaurant.
(Stretch) ART LIKE FOOD LIKE MUSIC Crosses all cultural boundaries. it does.
And this place is just all that put together,
(Stretch) THAT'S OUR PIE RIGHT THERE. STARTING Entirely from scratch.
You just work your fingers into it, but I gotta tell ya, he’s putting more time into one skin than I've seen other people let me see this thing.
I can almost see through it.
Oh, I can't wait to have this.
I say we make our famous Bengal tiger.
you know, we got this chicken in there, and the tandoori sauce.
It's got curry in it and stuff like that.
Little pesto goes down.
That's the little pesto.
curry-- now how does this go over here in, uh, in the heart of the beef land?
people love it.
It's even got a little crab on it and hearts of palm.
'Cause I often, when I'm thinkin' pizza, and we sprinkle a little of our cheese on top, and that's about it right there.
What do you think? that is gorgeous.
So cilantro. cilantro.
Just drip it in there a little bit like that.
Bengal tiger. rawr!
Wow.
That's like an all-calypso- jazz-band-festival, funkalicious rock concert. I hear it's good.
Delicious-- you get, like, these gems, little hearts of palm, a little bit of the chicken, some crab. it's the yin and the yang of pizza.
stretch'll make anything work.
(woman) I LOVE IT, BECAUSE YOU CAN KIND OF Specialty order it.
Like, you get your own slice and decide what's on it.
IN ANY COMBINATION. (Stretch) SO WE'RE Gonna put some salmon on here now.
Like smoked salmon and cream cheese on pesto.
Wow!
there's one with spinach, peppers, artichokes, olives and almonds-- four kinds together with the pepperoni next to the pineapple.
And this baby that makes you wonder
The chili and the onions-- fresh-cut onions-- the surprise is the tater tot.
So this pie actually has a hole out of the center of it, and we put tater tots in the middle.
We put chili on top of it, cheez whiz on top of that, and then we put some green onions on top of that.
Look at that.
Tasty chili. mmm, and you know what?
Nothin' goes better than a tot.
Food is always just great.
And while stretch started this as an artist,
It's just like your own little mini art gallery.
And it changes. people bring us stuff.
when it comes to the food, HE GOT REAL SERIOUS REAL QUICK. (Guy) LOOK At that.
(Stretch) I HAD A FRIEND WHO WENT TO NEW York at the culinary institute up there.
He came back and helped me open a restaurant, nice, okay.
so that's why you've really got some true culinary foundation. yeah.
But there's also the stuff that stretch brought to the party.
I used to live in Philadelphia, and this is the first place that's exactly the same the secret is definitely seasoning the grill beforehand.
We've thrown bacon on there all day long and cheese steak, so it's gonna be fine.
Nice, lean roast beef we use.
Chop it up.
The other secret is slicin' the bun.
You don't want to go all the way through.
Peppers first, then put a little onions on there.
Mix it in there.
Put my cheez whiz on here.
That's a Philly cheese steak in Kansas City.
Cheers. bon appétit.
That's tasty.
That's good eats right there, man.
As soon as you think you got it pegged, grinders throws you another curve ball.
One of the best things you got here is George.
the Hungarian delight?
Yes. do you officially work here?
Or is this kind of just, like, community service?
It is pro bono.
George is stretch's long-time friend, a retired restaurateur who comes in once a week to do Hungarian specialties like chicken paprika.
EXCELLENT. (Guy) SO YOU'VE KNOWN TO COME Here for this.
Absolutely. yeah.
Got some onions goin'? right.
Red chili flake? the Hungarian paprika? yes.
Now you see how very carefully I measure here.
Yeah. oh, good. oh, real technical.
Tomato juice. put the chicken in?
and how long does that go?
just before it's done, George. tosses in some mushrooms I always put parmesan cheese on it.
Will this do? that is fantastic, man.
So here I am in cape may, exit 0, the last exit on the garden state parkway.
Now this shore town is known for its Victorian homes and as a great family vacation destination.
Now right in the middle of it all, on the corner of beach and Perry, is a 42-year-old neighborhood joint that's serving up breakfast, lunch, and dinner with a little Greek twist.
This is George's place.
how's it going?
You good?
pass it down when it's ready.
The karapanagiotis brothers, doing what a lot of Greek families do come November.
we celebrate thanksgiving Greek style.
all OPA! WHAT HAPPENS AT THANKSGIVING IN A Greek family?
You have the turkey, then we get a big leg of lamb.
thanksgiving day special roasted leg of lamb.
Family recipe. lamb here is excellent.
pierce it a few times.
You're gonna jam a little garlic clove in there. yep.
So this is old-school Greek-style leg of lamb.
Yes, yes.
There we go. a little salt, pepper, oregano.
Give it a rub down, put a little water.
A little bit of that steam will help expedite a little fresh oregano, fresh thyme.
Wrap it in foil. okay, we're good.
In the oven3 1/2 hours. 400 degrees.
Pull it out. and then take off the foil.
Let it brown. caramelize the outside of it.
Beautiful roasted leg of lamb.
just slice a little bit down for you.
Go right onto the flattop grill, no oil or nothin'. a little sear on it.
While that does its thing, put our roasted red pepper and eggplant orzo.
Kind of like a staple starch.
tzatziki sauce of course you need that on the side.
It's a lemon, oregano, olive oil gotta tell you, man, tasty dish.
That's about as Greek as they come, bro.
Yeah.
Made the right way, and the lemon, garlic, olive oil yeah.
Forget about it. does it? nice.
Oh, really nice. thank you.
Great job, bro. thank you very much.
Leg of lamb. how's the lamb?
THE LAMB'S AWESOME. woman PERFECTLY DONE, Tender.
it's just so amazing.
Chicken gyro in the window.
you always feel good if you come here to eat.
You like that? yeah.
he's always loving and fun.
is the service here any good?
Since he took over for his father in-law George. didn't realize how much I liked the Greek food, before john changed the menu.
Put a little more Greek influence to it.
all OPA!
And put his brother Pete in the kitchen.
bell dings a blend of his
and years of cooking at fine dining restaurants.
there's a smoked fig ketchup on top Peter's special recipe.
enjoy.
I need a turkey
He's got his own take on the American classic.
You think you're getting turkey and stuffing, and what you're getting is a whole lot more.
Turkey confit.
Submerged in duck fat. it's great.
Where did you come up with this idea?
Thanksgiving came around, and was like, what else why not turkey confit? so how do we start this?
A little kosher salt running through the food processor. a little?
tarragon, rosemary, parsley. Italian flat-leaf.
making? green salt.
Green salt. there you go.
it's like a savory snow cone.
Oh, that is awesome. I am so stealing this.
That green salt right there is gonna get rubbed on the turkey breast? yes, it is.
Skin on and everything? yep, skin on.
I don't want to put too much on there, 'cause then it's gonna get over-salted.
Put this in the fridge for two to three hours, back into the fridge for 24 hours, and then we go to the confit. that's correct.
Submerge these turkey breasts into duck fat.
I like this.
A cross between deep-frying and poaching.
In the oven at 250 for 3 hours. yes.
And what are we gonna serve this with?
Corn bread and andouille sausage stuffing.
Okay. corn bread for the stuffing.
Cornmeal, all-purpose flour, baking soda.
Baking soda and baking powder.
gives it two different leavening times.
Sugar, kosher salt, a little blended olive oil.
That's Italian olive oil.
What?
Four eggs, buttermilk.
So all of this corn bread effort is just to make corn bread to make into stuffing?
Correct.
That was quick. very nice.
Pop it in the oven. 25 minutes.
Pull it out, let it cool, then we flip it out.
take out some pieces, and just, large breaks.
Pour it right onto a sheet pan.
Back in the oven 15 minutes? yep.
Now it's time to make the savory for the stuffing.
Blended oil. not sure if it's Italian or Greek.
Put that right in there. andouille sausage.
Cook the andouille down.
You want to get that flavor in the oil.
Spanish onions, green pepper, celery, carrots, garlic.
Greek oregano. Greek oregano, yes.
There you go. all right, over here? I gotcha.
cool it down,
Gets 'em in there real quick, stirs 'em up and then our corn bread.
they turn into full-on crouton el nugget-o's.
Suck in all that chicken stock.
Now we go onto another tray.
How long are we gonna go in the oven?
About 20, 25 minutes, get it brown on the top. all right, turkey breast.
We'll just break off a big piece.
We're just getting it a little bit darker on the one side.
hey, Pete, somebody at the door!
it's not super ducky.
That's not what it's quacked up to be.
Let's get that stuffing.
There we go. let's give it a quick slice.
Piece right there right on the center, turkey coming off the grill, right on there with it.
And finally, cranberries simple syrup and a little bit of honey, put a spin on the classics.
This is definitely a turkey dinner gone wild.
Nice.
Savory, sweet, salty, then you get the acid from the cranberry.
You've got that complexity. it's very contemporary.
It's got its components of old school with what I will honestly say, dude, is the bomb dressing.
Turkey confit. the turkey is just so tender.
woman TASTES LIKE IT'S BEEN BASTING IN The oven forever.
Stuffing really adds a little bit of spiciness.
pick up, lamb chops.
I know what you're doing right now.
You're writing this down, because you're gonna go buy 2 gallons of duck fat.
Thanksgiving will never be the same at your house after hanging out with this guy.
Turkey dinner.
now I'm gonna get our oysters prepped.
That's not something you s everyday.
Is going big easy. really taste the oysters.
dude.
So I'm here in New Orleans, on elysian fields avenue, right between i-10 and i-610.
Now when I'm thinking of great food in this area and there's a lot of it I gotta be honest, I'm not thinking about thanksgiving well, that's until I heard about Sammy's food service & deli.
Turkey dinner working, coming up.
It's just a wonderful New Orleans local restaurant.
doing a killer New Orleans thanksgiving.
thanksgiving is big-time in New Orleans.
and it's a huge tradition for self-taught chef Sammy schloegel. we cook everything homemade.
At a joint that used to be his uncle's butcher turkey dinner for here.
Until Sammy and his wife Gina took over.
Turkey and oyster dressing.
Butcher shop turns into a sandwich shop.
And thanksgiving in the big easy means these.
I know these as chayote. we call them mirliton.
Mil-I-ton, mirliton. mirlitons.
It's a very common vegetable that you can get in New Orleans over thanksgiving.
And they're using 'em in soup.
Seafood mirliton soup people go crazy over this.
They start ordering it a couple weeks ahead of time. really?
Yeah. kinda boil 'em like we do a potato.
it has a lot of good Cajun spices.
It's loaded with shrimp and crab.
Seafood squash soup for thanksgiving.
It's weird. it's really good.
definitely has the seafood, chowder kind of flavor to it.
seafood mirliton soup.
To die. it is so good.
And that's just the first course.
For the rest of the thanksgiving meal, what else? wonderful turkey and cranberry.
Done the big easy way. dressing with oysters.
This is New Orleans. we always have oysters.
That's the way it is.
get our bed set up for our turkey to lay on.
Celery, garlic, coarsely chopped onions.
These are also gonna create a lot of great flavor for a gravy later. absolutely.
Paint 'em up with garlic butter oil.
It's gonna give 'em a nice sheen, make this poultry seasoning stick to 'em.
I think you might have missed there.
There you go. good job. there we go.
from the chicken backs.
It's a sandwich shop. put it in there.
So that's gonna make some great gravy on the bottom.
we're gonna make a béchamel sauce.
béchamel for stuffing?
a little milk in there.
Nice little creamy paste here.
Sauté some celery, red bell peppers, I'm gonna need a spoon.
Listen, I just showed up with car keys.
Oh, I'm tellin' ya.
How you like them apples?
Please don't ask for a mixer.
sweat the veggies a little bit, butter's kind of helping 'em mellow out.
Take our oysters, put 'em in this little choppin' machine.
that's not something you see every day.
Releases some of the flavor. huge.
what was that word?
Thyme. thyme.
red pepper flakes, black pepper, some Cajun seasoning, bay leaves, smells very look at the amount of oysters to the amount of bread. this is crazy.
Hey. hey.
You have the French bread brought in. yeah.
all right, guy, I know this is the part you've been waitin' for.
Put the béchamel in here now.
You're building a gravy right into the stuffing.
Here we go with the oysters. all right.
forget putting it in stuffing.
Grated Parmesan, touch of lemon juice, flat-leaf parsley.
Can I just start dipping the bread in it, and forget the whole thanksgiving thing?
Certainly, absolutely.
Is that your 5 bucks on the floor over there?
Oh, man, my lucky day look at this so worth 5 bucks.
This has just gotta be a dip with some bread that's a thought, exactly.
oysters are fresh, and we have five eggs beaten here.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!
Before you put the eggs in it, man.
I'm not kidding you, that is ridiculously fantastic.
precooking this, let those eggs cook.
stuffing the bird.
Tuck his legs in. give him a little truss.
Bird's gonna go in, 350. hour and a half.
Correct. now it's time to make our gravy.
'Cause you already fortified it with some chicken stock.
Turn this boat motor loose.
Have a little texture to it.
go ahead and cut this breast lobe off of here.
I don't really think it's fair that I should have all that. feel free to share.
The seasoning on the outside of this, along with the garlic butter rub you did put it on a plate here.
this is what you've been waiting for right here.
a little topping of the gravy.
Dude, that's super tasty.
Wow. the turkey is ridiculously tender.
The stuffing has great texture to it.
you can really taste the oysters a boatload of 'em and the gravy is right on point up at ridiculous level.
This is like food Mardi gras right here.
There you go.
woman TURKEY DINNER. IT'S REALLY GOOD.
The dressing is delicious.
woman You TASTE THE OYSTERS. OH, YEAH.
and that's how you do thanksgiving right in New Orleans? that's how you do it.
So all that turkey in the soup, what could we do next?
When we come back to Sammy's here in New Orleans, we are gonna try a thanksgiving dessert that may even surprise me.
That's really good.
$523!
16%!
turkey dinner for here.
thanksgiving dinner comes with a delta twist.
Seafood mirliton soup. to turkey and dressing.
You taste the oysters in the oyster dressing.
Pick up!
pumpkin bread pudding?
Pumpkin bread pudding especially around thanksgiving, you know when it starts off with this, makes me happy.
A mess of eggs. mess of eggs. whipping cream.
Get in there! yeah.
Brown sugar, some white sugar.
Roasted purée pumpkin.
And then we have some pumpkin spice. necessary.
Some vanilla. vanilla.
Vanilla bean. scrapings of the vanilla beans.
Yes. purée everything together.
Big pumpkin omelet right there.
All right. now some French bread.
So you take the French bread that's left over, yes, and we just pour that right in.
Wow, you guys get serious about this.
okay.
into the big chunks of bread.
What are these little tasty morsels?
oh, ho ho.
Just to add a little bit of flavor to it.
Oh, of course nice little texture in there.
And then I'm gonna need that pan right there.
Ooh!
THERE YOU GO. [whistles] Down right down to the number, huh? yeah.
We're gonna bake it at 300. down for an hour.
You bring a lot of that moisture out, just sits there and compacts down.
I like these little candied walnuts.
would you like a slice?
Let it cool down a little bit.
These candied walnuts taste like pumpkin pie.
I'm not a big bread pudding fan, I gotta be honest with you. no?
No, it's the ratio. it's not necessary.
Should be able to put something else in there oh, okay, well, we're gonna s if you like this.
I'm a fan of this bread company, so I gotta believe that with the bread being chewy and all rum sauce cream, sugar, rum, cornstarch.
How do you think I should get after it?
Attack it from the left?
Gonna go right in the center.
Look at that. smells like pumpkin pie.
I'm gonna be eating these words for a while.
That is some tasty bread pudding.
It's got good crunch. it's not pumpkin madness.
The rum sauce is super over-the-top sweet.
Could be the holidays or what, there's something about that combo that I just ate four more bites than I expected I would.
That's really good. nice job. thank you.
Pumpkin bread pudding. it's just fabulous.
Pumpkin-y, nice cream sauce. oh, it's yummy.
Mirliton soup.
Anything that they put together is excellent.
You can just count on coming here and having good food. oh, yeah.
goatee, some earrings, bleach that hair, I'll have him working as my double. there you go.
You drive the '67 around, I'll hang out and make sandwiches. oh, you got a deal there.
So that's it for the diners, drive-ins and dives thanksgiving.
To check out these great holiday recipes, GO TO food network. com, And I'll s you next time on diners, drive-ins if that ever makes it in the show, I'll kill you.
Hi, I'm Fieri, and we're rollin' out lookin' for America's greatest diners, drive-ins and dives.
man AND THERE WE GO.
THIS TRIP TOTALLY TURKEY.
That's delicious.
The Boston diner where it's thanksgiving turkey's fantastic.
Where they're crankin' out four of these
I was like, oh, my god.
are you guys gettin' enough to eat?
Northern California's king of the turkeys
90% Of the menu is turkey.
Turkey rates at the top.
HOW IS THE SCALOPPINE? IT'S OUT OF This world.
Holy moly.
Stuffing it with duck and chicken to make turducken.
I love it, all the different flavors.
You gotta get a taste of this one.
That's like someone shot off all the fireworks at the same time.
That's all right here right now on
when I think of Boston, I think of the tea party, I think of the sox, of course, and now a place called mike's city diner.
That's not because the owner's an immigrant living the American dream or because president Clinton's eaten here.
It's because of the way they're crankin' out an American favorite turkey.
Here you go, folks. all right, jay.
Wow, thank you, jay. turkey's fantastic.
Food is just amazing. did you see this plate?
That should be almost semi-illegal.
woman AND I REMEMBER THE FIRST TIME I CAME In here.
oh, it's real, all right, one of four home-cooked turkeys they're doin' up and servin' up every day here.
nice to meet you.
From a who's tellin' ya he's livin' the all-American dream.
How old were you when you came to the states?
8 years old, and you came
Lebanon.
Jay fell into the food biz as a dishwasher in his teens.
Then worked his way up. it's excellent.
He bought this place 12 years ago, left the original name,
Can I have some more fries?
Filled with fresh, homemade local favorites.
We got some good turkey dinner today.
When he tried his hand at turkey, it was an instant hit.
It kind of happened by accident.
I had no place to put the turkeys but on the steamer, on top of the steamer, and because it was an open kitchen, just it grew.
It just got out of control.
I was like, oh, my god.
and on the plate and in huge sandwiches, turkey salad, turkey meatloaf, turkey everything
Jay HERE WE GO. GRAB 'EM NOW. JAY'S WAY.
So someone made that for ya. yeah.
where'd you get the idea?
I mean, I've done the beer-can chicken.
Years ago, I found the stand for the chicken exactly, the beer-can chicken and I realized that it cooks the chicken a little better,
Pretty moist, opah's really wet.
Okay, so now what happens?
So now we're gonna fill it up with our crab stuffing.
I've got onion, celery, garlic, sauté in olive oil.
We deglaze it in a white wine and fresh thyme will be added.
Smash it up, Dijon mustard, cayenne pepper, and heavy cream.
Some panko at the end to thicken it up.
So 15 minutes in the fridge and we're ready to go.
The filet's so thin, how are you gonna stuff it?
I'm gonna go on the top and cut it all the way down.
Then stuff it with our crab meat.
an open face, yeah.
Nice seasoning with white pepper and salt.
Nico Olive OIL, WE ADD THE FISH, CRAB-SIDE Down first.
Quick both sides, finish it in the oven?
In ten minutes it will be ready.
we're gonna make a watercress cream sauce.
Some olive oil, onions, garlic, dried thyme, whole lemon, peeled.
White wine.
You have the TV hand, the pour.
I add in chicken stock.
That's reduced down, now we add the cream?
Nico IT'S DONE, NOW TO THICKEN IT.
Strain it, into the blender.
Are you strong? oh yeah.
Nice fresh watercress.
Put the whole thing down.
Jalapeños. jalapeño.
Jala-peeno. jalapeño., it's pain-o.
A big green thing.
Put the lid on it.
You're gonna blend it and that's it.
That looks great.
Let's get the opah out of the oven.
It just doesn't look right putting it into a to-go container.
The watercress sauce right over the fish.
, crazy good.
That bite right there, that’s a million dollar money bite.
The watercress with the jalapeños in it is out of bounds.
I think I could take some of this, smear it on that lid, and then eat lid.
The stuffing is dynamite too, dude, I mean
It's all homemade.
lightning and thunder You hear that, thunder from the heavens.
What?
Grilled opah with watercress cream sauce.
It's fresh and it's light.
It has the perfect texture, the perfect taste.
The food is great.
AND THE WORD'S GETTING OUT.
You know what, you gotta get here before lunch or come in after.
'CAUSE NICO'S CRANKING OUT 500 ORDERS A day.
You get five-star quality for rock-bottom prices.
If you went to a restaurant it would cost like, 30.
That dish right there would be $30, I agree.
Everything is $7.00?
Yeah, the goal is to be under $10.00.
I can go to a burger shop and end up spending more.
AND STILL NOT END UP WITH THE DOUBLE-PATTY Marlin burger.
How's your burger? it's delicious.
Fresh marlin burger, okay.
So we have fresh marlin cubed, this is a striped marlin.
Put the marlin in the food processor and blend it.
Oh, we're really breaking it down, huh?
Breaking it down, that's about it.
it's kind of like that.
So we've got the ground-up striped marlin.
Fine-diced onions, fresh grated garlic, Dijon mustard, dried dill weed.
That gives a lot of flavor and freshness.
Dude, how much did you just put in there?
A lot.
Salt and white pepper.
Marlin and dill sandwich.
Tabasco, some olive oil, homemade tartar sauce.
Lemon zest, the juice out oftwolemons.
Lime zest, lime juice.
Now we're gonna mix it.
So now what happens?
Portion it on coated wax paper.
Then we're gonna smash it down to make the patties.
Nico We're GONNA DO THE HAMBURGER BUNS.
Oil first, then we're gonna put the marlin burger down, two patties.
You get a lot of crispiness.
Both sides, medium-rare.
Nico SQUEEZE ON YOUR AIOLI FIRST, Butter lettuce, red onion, tomato andtwopatties and that's it.
Look at that, now that's a big burger.
Dude, that's the most tender seafood burger I've ever had.
Look at all the juice coming out of that.
That smokes any fast food.
I would order that again without question.
The gets it.
It's definitely hearty, yet light. and cheap.
You know it's local, you know the fish is fresh.
, number one.
YOU'RE A KNOCK-OUT CHEF, THE FOOD TASTES Outrageous, and the prices couldn't be any better.
This was a really great visit.
You gotta come s this cat.
Next up I'm headed for a true Hawaiian classic.
You got it, hot dogs.
hot dogs. when we come back.
you know on triple d we love to find the-fish-out-water situations.
Well here we are in Honolulu and get this.
A dude from Chicago whose parents were born in Hawaii is bringing his Chicago dog to Hawaii with a little something, something.
This is hank's haute dogs.
One Chicago, one lobster dog and a fry for here.
Polish fat boy in Hawaii.
It's fantastic, you're in paradise and you're eating hot dogs.
'CAUSE WHEN HANK ADANIYA MOVED TO PARADISE, He just had to start serving up the dogs.
Hot dogs were in my blood and my family was from here.
HIS PARENTS RAN A HOTDOG JOINT HERE IN THE '50s.
Now it's hank's turn with a place of his own.
t Chicago coming at you.
IS THE ONE HE BROUGHT FROM THE WINDY City.
So we're gonna do a Chicago dog.
We ship these buns in from Chicago because that's the only place I can get a poppy seed bun.
Vienna, all-beef, natural-casing dogs.
Look at the size of that thing.
Seven condiments.
I think he's done that before.
Onion. the full neon relish.
This too gets shipped in.
Tomato, pickle, sport peppers.
I have to get those from Chicago.
garden. you got it.
And celery salt, viola.
You know what was best about it, you could hear it snap.
Look at all the juice coming out of that.
That is the real deal, nice job.
I've had the Chicago dog and that was great.
You've done about four different types of hot dogs? we did.
I have enjoyed every one, all of them were delicious.
The accouterments on them are different.
AND SCRATCH MADE. GARLIC AIOLI.
Mango relish, that’s really awesome.
curry ketchup, pretty tangy.
AND THIS ONE MANGO MUSTARD WITH AN Island twist.
It goes on our Hawaiian-style hotdog.
Start with some brown mustard and then we add some mango puree.
Lime juice here, some honey.
Honey, I like where this is going.
And then a little lime zest.
Blend it all together and he's going at it.
I gotta try it.
Oh, that's nice.
That's really another spoon-necessary nice.

What's your favorite so far? I think the Hawaiian.
The Hawaiian. dog. pick up the Hawaiian.
the chicken hotdog is really good.
Fat boy.
A VERSION OF THE B. L. T.
Great crunch, bacon adds it.
You got the pig and the dog running through the garden on that one.
A lot of different variety here.
AND THAT'S JUST THE REGULAR MENU.
Each day of the week we do a special dog.
Tuesdays we have alligator, Wednesdays is rabbit and veal.
What we did was say, Fridays is lobster dog.
Probably our most popular special.
You start by pureeing the seafood.
Bay scallops.
You've got tub-o-ground-of-fish. yes, -hmm.
Take these out and move to the shrimp.
It's like a devein and de-shell 21 to 25.
Mash it up good.
Lobster time, I want that one fairly rough to give it texture, we can feel the lobster in the sausage.
A little onion that has been sautéed with garlic.
Carrot, shredded, a little green onion.
Now comes the surimi a tub or two of fish paste.
It really tightens it up.
Got a little bit of nose to it, doesn't it?
It's kind of like someone drove through the ocean with a big ol' blender.
imitating blender noise Now we're gonna make the mayonnaise that we're going to season the sausage with.
that's exactly right.
A little mayonnaise, half-and-half.
Lobster base, not much, it really is pretty powerful.
A little chili powder, thyme, finally some white pepper yeah, we do.
Next is a little bit of pork casing.
Thread this on.
Folks, if look at his form that he's presenting here, the thumb and with the hand cranking.
He's also very good at rubbing the tummy and patting the head next.
That looks about right.
Now we'll just twist these links off.
I'm glad you put the fat in it, that’ll make it nice and creamy.
When we're all said and done we go into some boiling water.
That will kind of poach 'em.
Hit 'em into an ice bath to stop the cooking process.
Chill 'em down, yes, and we'll hold 'em.
Then when we're ready we'll go ahead and sear 'em off into some butter.
We found that by searing it you can get that crunch again off of that casing.
I think we've got this one sautéed up.
We just let it sit in clarified butter.
Let's make it.
Sausage, a little garlic aioli, very green relish.
The neon.
For a little Asian flare we have some pickled daikon relish.
, good lobster.
There's good texture to it, the relish and the daikon play in for a little crunch.
But I will tell you, if you want to have a unique dog experience that's the dog you want.
Nice job, man. beautiful.
It's to die for.
Just the most tasty hotdog I've ever had.
Andouille dogs. I want to try all of them.
So 60 seconds on the polish.
This is my number one spot.
Watch out, the hotdog king right here.
The captain of encased meats.
Next up we're going to a party where they're roasting a pig in the ground.
this is the real stuff.
It's luau time when we get back.
So when we decided to visit Hawaii on diners, drive-ins, and dives one thing we had to check out was a luau.
So I guess now you can call it triple d so here we are, time to hit the beach at Germaine's luau.
It's all about the party, which is a ton of fun.
Guy Even WHEN YOU LIVE ON THE ISLAND YOU Still come to a luau?
I still come to a luau.
AND THIS ONE'S THE REAL DEAL. IT IS So amazing.
WHERE THE LOCALS GO.
I am from Hawaii; this is the real stuff.
AND THE CENTERPIECE OF ANY GOOD LUAU
Just pork. kalua pig.
They cook it in an imu which is underground.
Place the pig into the imu for about eight hours.
the pit is called the imu.
SCOTT HARADA SHOULD KNOW.
His family's business Marian's catering has been doing luaus at Germaine's for over 30 years.
thank you very much.
You split it down the center, open it up so you can get all the smoke into here and the temperature in here.
couple of hours ago.
It takes abouttwohours for the rocks to come up to temperature.
So the charcoal goes away, the rocks stay super hot.
I dig it, let's see it.
Scott SO WE'VE GOT MIKE COMING IN WITH Hawaiian sea salt, salt that's dried out from the ocean water over here.
So they're generous with it. very generous.
Now what's gonna happen?
Some of these hot rocks are gonna be placed in the cavity of the pig.
We can cook it from the outside in as well as from the inside out.
Oh, you can hear the fat snapping and popping.
It smells good, huh guy? it smells fantastic.
So he's getting a new piece of chicken wire.
Now we're gonna bring in the stalk of the banana tree.
It holds a lot of high-water content so that's what we use to impart flavor as well as the moisture.
NOW THE CHICKEN WIRE. WE'LL PLACE THE Pig on top.
Whoa, that almost didn't fit.
Now we're gonna put the larger pieces of banana stump over Otto seal it up from the top.
He's gonna build a little house. right.
Now we go with the leaves, a wet burlap sack.
This is a modern day implementation.
It seals much better.
Traditionally it was all banana leaves on top.
We will also lay our final tarp over it.
Wow, a lot of work, anything go up on top of this?
It will be completely covered with sand.
Eight hours. eight hours of love.
Eight hours, better be some good pig. yes.
Is there a ceremony when this comes out? yes.
Luau host 'EKAHI ONE, 'ELUA TWO, 'Ekolu three, okay, kalua pua'a.
Ladies and gentlemen, there you have it, our Hawaiian-steamed pig.
I've roasted some pig, but I've never seen it just disintegrate like that.
I like how you show up at the last minute.
the good-looking guys get the hard work.
I'll try that right there.
, that's great.
A little bit of sea salt on it, nice subtle flavor.
Oh, it's killer, you guys are gonna like this.
woman THE SMOKINESS THAT COMES THROUGH Is so incredible.
The best ever.
The food is great, I ate a little bit of everything.
Amazing food and amazing hula dancers.
Being on the beach, seeing people out here enjoying themselves.
It doesn't get any better. it's home.
Very nice, great job. all right.
So that's it for the triple d Hawaiian vacation.
Time for me to head back to the mainland, pick up the Camaro and hit the road looking for more of America's greatest diners, drive-ins, and dives.
'Til next time, aloha.
woman WELL, YOU KNOW HOW IT IS WHEN YOU REALLY CRAVE SOMETHING, RIGHT? man Oh, yeah.
well, I just had to have pizza now.
I thought you liked that pizza from that show, YEAH. I DO. BUT A. B. 's CRUST well, yeah, but his crust is really good.
It's chewy and puffy, but tonight, I want crisp and thin and kind of charred, like the pizza we had in Italy, remember?
Actually, he's more like a goober, you know, with all the puppets and the science and everything.
Besides, his dough has to rise, like, all night, and I require instant pizza gratification.

high voice YOUR PATIENCE WILL BE REWARDED, Okay, honey? shut up.
I'm happy to report that the conversation you just overheard never really took place.
It was a dramatization, a fabrication, a hypothetical unlikelihood.
But let's face it, it could happen, right?
I mean, true, the original good eats pizza is tasty, it's chewy, yeasty AND, YES, PUFFY LIKE PANTS IN THE '80s, And I'm willing to admit that man cannot thrive on one pizza alone.
It is conceivable that one might desire a crisp, thin pizza in the Neapolitan style with, you know, bits of mahogany char and, yeah, you you might want it fast.
Well, fine, so that we can be certain that this scene never plays out in reality, we will strive to fold the aforementioned characteristics
shivering WHEN IT COMES TO YEAST-LEAVENED Breads like pizza dough, I've always been a fan of the long, cold dough rise, because cold decelerates the life cycle of yeast so that they produce flavor compounds and OF COURSE belching Co2 at a slower, more even pace allowing the dough more time to absorb the goodness.
That said, there might just be one particular ingredient that we can invite to the party THAT MIGHT GRANT US SLOW-RISE FLAVORS belching At fast-rise rates, not to mention temperatures.
EW. shivering Let's get our dough on.
, flour go into the work bowl of your favorite stand mixer.
Now I know what some of you are thinking.
You're thinking, hey, he's making a yeast bread.
He's gonna need some, you know, high protein.
He needs to use, like, bread flour.
And if I was going with a really long rise period or if I was trying to create a big puffy loaf, I would probably concur.
But what I want here is pliancy and speed, so I'm going with plain old lower-protein all-purpose flour.
To that, we will add one standard envelope of instant or rapid rise yeast.
25 teaspoons or 7 grams for the metrically minded.
Now in this case, instant or rapid refers to the speed at which the yeast get to work.
Now let's just review a couple of common forms here.
This is cake yeast, not because it's used in cakes, but because it comes in a cake form.
And this is like a big live colony 70% water by weight.
And the yeast that are inside are alive and kicking, wide awake and ready to go.
Problem is extremely perishable stuff, which is why back in, I don't know, early 20th century, people switched over to active dry yeast.
Now to make this, you dry up the little bugs in such a way as to basically encapsulate live cells inside tiny little pods composed of dead yeasts blech!
And when dissolved in water, the dead ones wash away and the living emerge phoenix-like from suspended animation.
I don't much care for active dry yeast, because it has to be soaked or proofed in warm water before use, and I'm too lazy to mess with that.
And all too often, you find that the yeast inside just aren't very robust, and they take a LONG TIME. belching To get any dough blown that's just pathetic.
Instant or rapid rise yeast are processed differently so that there are more live yeast involved in the equation.
And since they're packaged with a dash of citric or ascorbic acid vitamin c they get a little boost RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX. belching They are wide awake ready to blow.
HA HA HA HA! balloon deflating They don't have to be soaked before they go into battle, which is nice.
Now to the flour and yeast, a tablespoon of salt, and yes, you can dump that right on top of the yeast, not matter what your old culinary school instructor told you.
Then the wet works 10 ounces of warm water, say, about 105 degrees.
That will provide the requisite moisture and the warmth needed to wake up the yeast.
We're also going to add 2 tablespoons of olive oil for flavor and lubrication.
And then my secret ingredient 1 tablespoon of malted barley syrup.
Barley syrup is made by malting barley.
All right, step one allow the barley to sprout or germinate in water.
Germination sets enzymes into motion, which convert the grain's starch reserves into a double-glucose sugar called maltose.
The grain is then kiln-dried and mixed with water, as well as other cooked grain products, which are gobbled up by the enzyme.
Then a slurry is extracted, and this is boiled down into a syrup.
Although malt syrup could be made in the home environment, buying it in the jar is ever so much more convenient.
12 hours at 250. Yep.
Now what are we making?
All right, we're taking our date barbecue sauce. Date?
I had some dates one day, and I was like, You know, I'm gonna thicken a barbecue sauce with it make it a little bit different. I'm telling you it's good.
This is when the funky of the folk come out.
Dried dates.
Dry guajillo peppers with a little bit of the heat.
Big old chuck of garlic.
Chili powder.
Brown sugar, cumin.
Rice wine vinegar.
Little bit of water.
Cook it for about 10 minutes, till it comes up to a nice boil.
Throw it in our blender and blend it up.
Okay.
Take our big old slices of white bread.
Take our pork straight off in nice, big chunks.
Piece of Gruyere cheese.
Few caramelized onions.
And this is our date barbecue sauce, which you're very interested in.
Date barbecue sauce.
Little bit of our collard-green coleslaw goes on there.
And we top it.
Another petit diet sandwich.
Just like the meatball burger had its own unique identity, the same thing with this sandwich.
You get the tang coming out of the raw onion and the slaw.
The pork's got its own, you know, barbecuey flavor, a little bit of that smoky coming through, and a little bit of sweet, but not as much sweet as I anticipated
with the date.
It's got so much going on.
It's a great sandwich, man. Sweet, thank you.
And the bad to the bone.
Nice tangy sauce.
There's some heat in it.
It's creamy, it's rich.
It's really something different.
Pork verde table two. Let's pick it up.
The food's perfect when you come here.
Just a great place all the way around.
Fantastic and unique. Thank you.
Well done, brother. Thanks, Guy.
Coming up, in Denver, Colorado
That is outrageous.
a place cooking up killer curry
This is tikka masala gone wild.
served with a side of heat.
A little fire in the belly.
This is the pursuit of perfection.
So, I'm here in the Rhino district of Denver, Colorado, just a few blocks away from where the Rockies play.
Now, I have everybody and their mother sending me recommendations for Triple D, but when my buddy Frank Matson, who happens to be the owner of Citizen Pictures, the executive producer of Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives, say, Hey, Guy, I got a place you've got to check out,
well, enough said.
This I Biju's Little Curry Shop.
Coconut curry chicken it is.
The freshest Indian food I've ever had.
Beef with biriyani, that sounds excellent.
It's a completely different cuisine that you're used to when you think of India food.
This is Frank Matson.
Frank and I have been buddies for a long time, and he said this is a joint you got to see.
What makes it so special?
Biju is just making really great-tasting food that's healthy for you, too.
The kind of food the owner Biju Thomas specializes in, as a personal chef for pro athletes, and now he's bringing it to the masses.
Is this fast food? Is this
Fast casual. So, people come through the line here.
We walk them through every step.
Everything's in a bowl.
Everything's either rice or as a salad.
You've got chicken, beef, or vegetarian combo.
That's pretty much everything. That's it.
They have so many options here.
The spicy beef over rice.
I usually get the biriyani rice with the vindaloo chicken.
The chicken vindaloo over the yucca.
If you look at south Indian food, every dish starts exactly the same with a fresh curry base, mustard seeds, ginger, garlic, chilies.
Really? Fresh curry leaves.
This goes into everything.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Fresh curry leaves?
I don't know that I've ever smelled curry leaves.
Yeah, this is the It's like pandas eat this.
Basically [laughter] I mean, it's bitter on the palate, but it's got an awesome smell. Yeah.
We're gonna chop all this up.
We got some red onions. Little bit of garlic.
Some ginger. Serranos and jalapeños.
Wow, there's a little Latin spin coming out there.
Grab some fresh curry leaves and fresh cilantro.
We can start basically any of our sauces we want.
This is the foundation? Yes, sir.
And then from that, we can take that into any different direction with the beef or the chicken anything at all we want to go to. Okay, next up?
This is our basic dry spice mix curry vindaloo.
Vindaloo is a spicy curry.
Toasted coriander.
Coriander is the base for a lot of the curries.
It's kind of neutral, it's not too peppery.
A little bit of lemon.
Then we have some toasted fennel.
Black peppercorns.
Big peppercorns.
Curry leaves. The dry version.
Cumin seeds. m.
These are not toasted Black mustard seeds.
Sweet paprika.
So, we go with a ton of that in there.
Turmeric. Also for color.
Turmeric is one of the heavy colors in Indian food, correct?
Yeah. We finish with some extra-hot Indian ground pepper.
All of that? Yeah, we want it to be hot.
All right, so now we grind it
That's it. Now we're gonna cook the chicken.
I always work with chicken thigh.
It has a little bit more substance.
The chicken thigh is done.
A little oil in the pan. Right.
Some chicken.
We got a little salt and pepper.
While that's happening, I'm gonna start our vindaloo sauce.
A little oil.
Let me taste this, by the day.
Is it gonna be hot? Gonna be a little peppery.
Not too crazy. Good, right?
It's awesome.
Spice mix.
That's for one dish?
That's the one dish.
You know, when you get curry mix powder at home, people use like a teaspoon.
Nobody uses a teaspoon. That doesn't do anything.
Our chopped curry base.
Smells good, though, right?
It smells fantastic.
Okay, tamarind paste. Okay.
Nice sweetness, a little of that tang.
Give it another stir.
Some fresh lemon juice Wow.
That's fresh-squeezed lemon.
distilled white vinegar.
This is crazy.
Give it a nice sprinkle of salt.
Gorgeous look at that.
You've done this before.
And a little agua?
A little water to give it a little sauce.
That good? Beautiful, yeah.
And you let that tighten up.
Is this now where we should be?
Yeah.
Oh.
Okay, so the chicken gets nice and tender.
Yeah, so this gets combined, then we have the curry.
I'm gonna plate it up.
So, normally, we'd come off the line, so I'll just do it.
I'm gonna start with some chicken vindaloo.
That's how much you get?
Yeah, you get chicken vindaloo.
You add some yucca.
Yucca put too much on.
THOMAS: I'm gonna put a little bit of slaw in here.
And then I'm gonna put some of our Ardicheri because you wanted it to be extra hot.
I didn't say that at all.
That little nugget of death right there.
Are you kidding me, dude?
Oh, that's good.
Fantastic flavor, right?
Nice tang, nice acid.
There's tons of different textures going on.
This is tikka masala gone wild.
A little bit of spice.
I will admit I got a little bit of a sweat brow going.
You see the sweat coming on?
I mean, I just want more of it.
Brother, I am telling you this is better than good.
I can understand why my boy Frank sent me here.
Chicken vindaloo and yucca.
Fantastic.
Just big chunks of chicken.
There's all kinds of vegetables so it's crunchy.
Not too saucy. It's fresh, it's tasty.
It's definitely got some spice to it that I wasn't quite ready for.
I'm tearing up a little bit. [laughs] And if heat's not your thing
Sometimes I come in, I don't feel like that much spice, I can tone it down You can always kick it up a notch with two or three different types of spices.
What are we gonna make next?
THOMAS: Beautiful, bright curried beef.
I'm hanging out here in Denver, Colorado, with a crazy named Biju.
When we come back, it's another outstanding dish.
Biriyani with beef It's really unique.
It's something that you wouldn't necessarily think of when you think of curry.
you sell sweatpants? [laughter] See you in a minute.
Just tap it.
I did!
All right, here we are back in Denver.
Ii I've finished my bowl of vindaloo.
I had a small nap, and now we're into another fantastic dish.
something Biju Thomas has a knack for Indian food for active folks like the athletes he used to cook for.
In the last 10 years, I've focused mostly in the cycling and sports world.
Including one who just happens to be a buddy of mine from my home town Santa Rosa, pro cyclist Levi Leipheimer.
You know this cat right here?
Yeah, Levi.
I need you to sign off on this guy. Is he the real deal?
He sort of straddles that line between gourmet cooking and fuel for getting out there and doing your best performance, but it tastes great.
Cat get any better sign-f than that.
This food is so different from other Indian food.
It's layers of flavor. It's real ingredients.
It's complex, and I think that's the genius that Biju's brought here.
What's your favorite dish? I think the curried beef.
It's a cinnamon garlic braised beef.
Awesome curried beef. That's what this is.
I'm gonna put a little oil in the pan.
This is chuck. Norris? As in Norris.
A bit of salt and pepper.
So you're just gonna sear that off. Next step?
Just like with the vindaloo, we have our beef curry mix.
And that goes in.
I just can’t believe the amount of spice that goes into it.
That's what make the difference.
The spicier we make it, the more people love it.
This is our curry base. And this, too, you know, you're not shy about how much you put in there.
That, roast them together.
I'm gonna add a little bit of water and let this simmer for about 90 minutes.
At the very end, we have a little bit of ground cinnamon, some ground cayenne, coriander.
Okay.
Now we're gonna make the Samandhi.
Samandhi is our roasted coconut and dry red chili chutney.
Chili? Yep.
These guys will be nice and hot.
I always like when my chilies outweigh all the other ingredients nine to one.
Exactly. Okay.
What is this called? Fieri, This Was Your Life?
[laughs] I'm gonna start with a little bit of coconut oil and mustard seeds.
Fresh curry leaves your favorite.
A little bit of minced garlic, ginger, a little tamarind.
Smells awesome so far.
Onions. Okay.
Fresh coconut comes from India.
So then we add our chilies.
This is the most chilies I've ever seen go into one sauce this size.
Go for it. Do it all. There you go.
So, we roast that off, toast it till the peppers start to burn a little bit.
There it is. Crazy.
And we're ready for the blender.
Adding a little bit of water and salt.
That's our Samandhi base.
Wow, that looks hot.
So we start with our biriyani, which is a fruit nut rice.
Lentils, beef.
We got a little bit of slaw. Got some Thai chilies.
The radishes and jalapeños.
A little bit of lemon juice.
And salt.
So, that's our slaw. Indians don't do that.
So, this is not an Indian side, doing the slaw?
That's totally something I borrowed.
This is the ground-coconut Samandhi that we just made.
I'll have a bowl of Samandhi, please.
Dude, it would be great on anything.
That is outrageous.
Not too much heat by any means It just has so much going on.
Then you get a touch of the sweetness of the coconut, and then you get the richness of the beef.
little acidity of that slaw.
Put a little fire in the belly.
Wake you up a little bit.
Biriyani with beef. It's really intense flavors.
There's huge chunks of beef.
My favorite part, actually, is the slaw.
It just adds a lot of good, fresh flavor in there.
It's been a great experience so far, I think it's so awesome here.
This is the place to go in Denver.
When my buddy, Frank, told me about this place, I said, You know, I'll check it out. You didn't let me down, man.
Nice. Real deal.
Thanks, buddy. Real deal.
You got to come see this no question Coming up, we're headed just outside of downtown
I like that.
to a funky Brazilian bistro.
What a dish.
that's blowing up flavor combos.
Let me look around.
There might be something you didn't put in there.
about career, and you want to earn an advanced degree.
I'm here on the north side of Denver, Colorado, just a few minutes from downtown, and I'm right around the corner from Tocabe.
You remember that place, right?
They made the fantastic salsa with the hominy?
Well, now, believe it or not, right down the street, a funky little joint, this is Fe Brazil.
The food is 100% intense.
arlinga speaking Portuguese Everything is really fresh.
The ingredients taste like they just came out of the garden.
And just like they came out of Brazil.
Pretty much.
All right. Chili.
Help yourself to some fixin's.
Okay. I'm a sour cream guy.
Good.
Little cheese.
I'm definitely a lot-of-onion guy.
And a little cilantro.
Oh, and I got to have some corn nuts.
I've never seen that.
That's good chili.
You can make it the way you want it.
I like the little corn-nut crunch in there.
I love the tub. Goes along with it great.
You have a personality about it.
I mean, it's worth coming down just to s the road show.
This is what makes coming to L. A. beautiful.
You can have funky, little joints just like this doing rockin' business.
Dynamite. Dynamite chili.
SS Turkey Drive over bread tub.
The texture of it and the flavor, it's just delicious.
For those that need a fix in the middle of the night, we have frozen boil bags.
He does not miss a beat.
You always know it's gonna be fun coming in the door.
The number-one thing for chili go ahead and grab that.
[laughter] Now you can make Tub's chili.
Well, I'll tell you, partner.
next on the menu
I'm gonna make you a Double-Barrel Dingo Dog.
I don't know to take him seriously.
Is there such a thing? Oh, yeah.
Double-Barrel Dingo Dog fully loaded!
That right there says gym membership, doesn't it?
[laughs] When we come back.
Triple D has rustled some culinary gold in Culver City, California
Yee-haw!
at Tub's Fine Chili, where the homestead's run by Rancher Rick
Wild West Tub.
and his wife, Boss Mama.
There's your Chuck Wagon with your buffalo chips.
How would you explain this to people?
It's, like, the best. chili any way you want it.
With a rep like that, you know they've got to have a killer chili dog.
Double-Barrel Dingo Dog. Yee-haw.
It is amazing.
Rancher Rick, what are we up to now?
We're making the buns for our Double-Barrel Dingo Dog.
Double-Barrel Dingo Dog.
Right. So, we're making cornbread?
Cornbread. Got it.
Wet our bowl with some soda water. Keeps it nice and light.
Then we use some cornmeal, pancake mix.
There's some leavening in that.
Sugar, salt, little Cayenne pepper, granulated garlic, and a light canola oil.
How about I'll pour?
All right. Pour slow. It's gonna bubble up.
Man, it looks like the goo from Double Dare. What, is Marc Summers gonna show up next?
You never know who shows up.
Man [laughs] Only in L. A.
Was that Marc Summers?
Okay, now, this
It's another little jig we make for our cornbread buns.
Here we go.
All right, so, drop that on there?
Yes, sir.
In the oven for about 20 minutes.
That's it. Look at that.
You pull the jiggy off it.
Gettin' jiggy with it. I had to say it.
Give it a little spiral cut all the way down.
Throw that in the fryer about 10, 15 seconds.
So it kind of expands.
Then it goes on the char broiler.
All right. Cornbread bun, spiral-cut dog.
I do like your spiral-cut idea.
It's good. What chili are you giving me?
You're gonna have my Chuck Wagon Grind.
Definitely got to have cheese on there.
Tub's Mojave Mash Mustard.
When I think chili dog, this is what I think it should look like.
Few tomatoes on there.
Some onions and some green onions.
Onions.
Little of that to calm it down.
Chopped cil-an-tro. Cil-an-tro?
So fresh it'll slap you.
You like few jalapeños? I can do them.
You got to have your corn-nut fix.
You didn't have enough last meal.
That right there should be on a calendar.
I don't know a calendar of what, but it should be on a calendar.
Look at that.
The cornbread's outstanding.
It's sweet, got a nice little crunch.
The dog
little snap to it.
The mustard's outrageous.
And then you're just attacked with this onslaught of chili and cheese and onions and
cilantro and corn nuts and crunch.
Nicely done, my brother. Thank you, Guy.
Two Double-Barrel Dingo Dogs are up.
Just tastes so good.
With the chili and all the fixin's, makes you feel warm inside.
[whistles] Steak Town Chili over brown rice.
Sitting here with the face that you know really well from TV.
Hey, that really was Marc Summers from Double Dare and Unwrapped. And Dann Florek from Law & Order. Chili with cucumbers in it?
The way I see it, this is the closest he comes to a salad.
[laughs] If Christopher Walken was eating this chili, Dann, what would he say?
As Christopher Walken He would say, You know, hot is hot, but this!
This is hot. [laughter] Normal voice I'm telling you, man. Whew.
Out of bounds.
When the food can back up the character, that's saying a lot.
You're making it real-deal.
Crazy place.
Coming up, in Las Vegas, Nevada
Wow.
a funky spot rolling out the sweet and savory.
You will love this place.
into some killer crepes.
You take on each crepe like it's a five-course meal.
Make for endless spoonful’s of fun.
Now buytwoscoops of your favorite ice cream, and get a fresh baked waffle cone.
yeah So, I'm here on the southeast side of Las Vegas, Nevada, right on the border of Henderson, Nevada.
And I tell you, when I went to school here, they didn't have any shopping centers like this out here.
No way. Look at this place. It's got everything.
he's got a cooking school, it's got a pet bakery, and it's got a wait for it. Wait for it.
Exactly a crepe shop. A crepe shop?
This is Crepe Expectations.
Greek in the window. Get it out of here You will find nothing else like this place.
Table 21, bananas Foster. Blackjack.
The menu just blew me away.
Reuben, table 12. Sell that.
They have such a great variety of creative interpretations.
And then, of course, what you'd expect a crepe restaurant from ZZ Top. Yeah.
Doesn't everybody that looks like me have a chop shop?
The rock star fronting this gig since 2011 is Lou Remillard
T in one bowl, wife.twoin one bowl.
along with his wife, Jenn.
We actually bought this as an existing crepe restaurant, I need another lemon curd, please.
Lemon curd, heard.
In your opinion, what makes great crepe?
Being not afraid to put anything in the world inside of it.
We have the Sonora here. Enjoy.
It's like a Mexican dish in a crepe.
mm Homemade salsa, homemade guacamole.
You've never had carne asada until you've eaten it out of a crepe.
Let's get into this, boss.
Dude, we're making our crepe batter here.
Liquid chicken. Do you know Your favorite?
No, let me lick the bowl. Yeah? Yeah!
Water, whole milk. Salt.
Just get a little froth to it. Okay.
All-purpose flour. We're gonna drizzle a little bit of whole melted salted butter in.
I know that normal people don't use salted butter.
Well, we know you're not normal.
All right, what are we gonna make now?
Teres Major. Okay.
Shoulder cut. Fantastic.
It gets very tender. Teres Major's down.
Fresh LJ. Lemon juice?
Lemon juice. Fantastic.
Fresh garlic, garlic powder, kosher salt, onion powder.
This is actually carne asada seasoning.
Gotcha, gotcha.
And then a whole orange and lemon.
Carne asada you'll cook down. 15 minutes.
Salsa time. Start off with a bold serrano.
Black pepper. Okay.
Touch of salt in here.
Fire-roasted plum tomatoes. Got it.
More salt. Okay.
Garlic powder, fresh cumin.
And cilantro. Cilantro.
Last thing toasted chile de arbol.
Got a chile de arbol tattoo right there.
I dig it.
All right. Fresh onions, diced tomatoes.
I like a little texture inside of here.
Oh, I like the smoky in that. g it.
That's gonna be good.
We'll make the crepe.
Make the crepe. Crepe.
This is the batter we made earlier.
Sets overnight.
Look at that. That is ridiculous.
You've only done that a billion times.
Oh, so, now you're making a quesadilla.
That's exactly right. Just a little bit of guac, huh?
You can't have too much of that.
Carne asada we just made.
Nice portions.
And some of that fire-roasted salsa.
Salsa's the bomb.
One more on that side.
Into thirds. Onto the plate.
Here we go.
Oh. Right?
That carne asada and that salsa with the guac Is there a Mexican restaurant in this village that you're running out of town?
'Cause that's what that tastes like.
Dig it.
The crepe fantastic. Nice and tender.
Little bit of cheese, lots of meat.
Dig it.
That citrus in the carne asada is fantastic.
Awesome fire-roasted salsa.
Well done, man. Thanks, brother.
Table 22, Sonora.
It's the best carne asada I've ever had.
It's real-deal. It's real-deal.
You watch them put it together from start to finish.
Which includes you got it the crepe cam.
Having the camera and the lively atmosphere is really cool.
It is always fun, you know? There is constant communication.
Empty crepe plates make no money. Let's roll.
They're entertaining us the entire time.
Meanwhile, they're pumping out all this food.
Table 16, William Tell.
It is like caramel apple pie in a crepe.
Just the right amount of sweet. Fresh, homemade whipped cream.
It is delicious.
So, we go from the savory to the sweet?
Savory to the sweet. Gonna start with fresh-made caramel.
Okay. Granulated sugar.
We got to get this down to a liquefied sugar.
Add a vanilla bean.
Got it.
And cubed butter.
Stir this in until the butter is completely melted.
I like how that is so screaming hot.
Then a little bit of vanilla extract.
Okay.
And we're gonna drizzle in our heavy cream. As this cools off, it will thicken up.
At the very end, a touch of kosher salt.
We cool it overnight, put it in a squeeze bottle, and away we go. Nice.
Down with the apples now.
Fresh salted butter.
Whole, peeled, sliced Granny Smith apples.
Little bit of sugar, vanilla bean, ground cinnamon, little bit of vanilla extract, and some fresh lemon juice just to brighten up those flavors.
So just let them get tender? About halfway cooked.
Then you're gonna pull it and cool it?
Pull it and cool it. Got it.
Here we go crepe batter, along with the apples that we just cooked down so lovely.
The homemade caramel sauce.
You're sitting at a ball game or a car show, and you see this cat and you go, So, dude, what do you do? Well, I got a crepe shop. Chuckling Yeah.
Okay. Whoo!
Little bit of homemade whipped cream.
Look at that. Voilà.
[laughs] That's like liquid apple pie.

Wow.
You cooked the apples so perfectly.
I mean, they are Still got a little bite to them.
Oh, brother. With a nice little bit of tang.
There we go.
My little guy, Ryder Ryder, this is your joint, buddy.
You will love this place.
This is for you, buddy.
Okay, I have a William Tell.
It's better than apple pie.
The flavors of the apples are just so perfect.
It's crisp. It's spot-on.
Frisco, up.
This place is not easily forgettable.
On the fly. Get it out.
You take on each crepe like it's a five-course meal.
Dig it. Dude, it's awesome.
Crepe guy. You're kidding me.
[laughs] Up next, in North Carolina
What are we into now, boss?
real-deal country cooking
You embrace each little step like it's the most critical piece.
right in the heart of downtown Charlotte.
You're gonna have to pry this out of my hand.
Now, I do not like to be too predictable here on Diners, Drive-Ins, & Dives, but when you go to San Francisco, you got to try some cioppino.
When you go to Texas, well, you got to try some brisket.
Go to New York City, got to try some pizza.
So when you come to Charlotte, North Carolina, you got to try some Low Country, and I hear this is the joint.
This is Mert's Heart and Soul.
It's definitely comfort food.
T Creoles all day.
It's like eating at home, or better than what I can get at home.
Just like my mama cooks. She just put her foot in it.
But Dad's the one doing the cooking here chef and owner James Bazzelle, who's been bringing down-home to downtown since 1998.
It's like a treasure chest in the middle of the asphalt jungle.
That's what's so special about it.
You wouldn't expect this downtown.
What kind of food do you guys serve here?
Low Country and Southern. And Southern.
I think it tastes like something that my grandma would cook.
Soul Rolls up.
The Soul Rolls are everything you'd ever want out of the South.
Goodness wrapped and deep-fried.
Soul Rolls.
Got to have a Soul Roll. All right, well, get into it.
Collard greens cut them up.
Garlic, olive oil, onions, adobo.
Adobo? Adobo.
Vinegar and water.
And how long we gonna let this go for?
Hour.
All right, what are we into now, boss?
Well, we gonna fry the chicken.
sprinkle our chicken with adobo.
And then just regular all-purpose flour?
All-purpose flour simple.
Okay.
Let me put it in the fryer now.
Here we go. Let's get after this.
And what we do, we're gonna mix it all together.
So, we got the greens. We got the fried chicken.
This seasoned rice that's delicious.
Black-eyed peas.
Okay, what we're gonna do is put a wrapper down, take a little bit here, and we roll up, and we top it with a little wash to seal it.
We take these to the fryer, cook them off, 350.
Then we just take them, and we cut them.
Drizzle a little spicy honey-mustard.
Then we do a little bit more garnish on them.
So, most folks can't make it to Mert's without having a Soul Roll?
We try not to let them leave without having a Soul Roll.
That's astronaut soul food.
You know how they send the astronauts their food all prepared and ready to go? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
This is a soul-food missile pop.
This comes with everything combined in one easy-to-eat bite.
I got to tell Vanessa about that.
That's delicious.
You guys ready to eat? Yeah.
The Soul Roll's got everything I like.
It's phenomenal. It just pops when you eat it.
Where'd you learn to cook? Home Ec.
A friend of mine told me I could take Home Ec, meet girls, and eat. I did it.
I did the same thing No, I'm serious. I believe you.
And from the looks of it, Chef James must have ended up with an A -plus.
Barbecue ribs up.
Oh, so good. Everything you order is just wonderful.
You get down-home cooking fit for a king.
Shrimp and grits up, please.
James does a perfect Southern shrimp and grits.
Brown gravy on top of it unreal.
What are we gonna make next?
One of my other favorites, shrimp and grits.
You understand something my mom was raised in North Carolina.
I didn't know that.
Oh, yeah. I'm a grit-eating fool.
I start with cold water, margarine, and my favorite grits are these yellow, organic, stone grits.
Whisk them in. Yes, sir.
And the thing about grits you got to keep stirring them so they do not stick together.
got you there.
Some salt, cream just makes it taste so good.
All right, so this takes care of the grits side.
So, what are we into now?
Well, we're gonna make our gravy or sauce.
Sauce.
Oil, flour get that going.
Add water, garlic, beef broth.
You look like you condensed a whole cow into that.
Oh, not quite.
Add onions, garlic, and adobo.
That's my middle name.
That's your middle name?
Yes, sir. And then we're gonna make some shrimp.
Come on, now.
Add a little oil.
I do about four, five, six shrimp.
Now we add a little brown gravy, green onions.
My favorite you know that. I know. That's your middle name.
And tomatoes.
Let that cook down? Yeah.
Okay, let's hit it, boss.
Man, these grits are looking good.
Here you go.
I top it off with just a little bit more green.
Now, this focaccia bread, we g a local baker that makes it for us.
It's delicious.
That's tasty.
Thank u, thank you.
This gravy's got a nice, little tang to it.
The grits got to be a little toothsome.
Can't be too soggy. No.
Got to have a little bite to them.
You're gonna have to pry this out of my hand.

Shrimp and grits on.
This is one of my favorite things on the menu.
I do try to duplicate it when I get home, but it doesn't come out the same.
Did you grow up eating this type of food?
Yes. My grandmother's from South Carolina.
Did she put her foot in it?
She put her foot and love in it. And this obviously has both.
Everybody from out of town I bring here.
This is a straight down-home country place.
The piece that people love about Diners, Drive-Ins, & Dives is meeting characters like yourself that invest so much in this.
I mean, you embrace each little step like it's the most critical piece.
It's fantastic.
Nicely done, my friend. Thank you, sir.
So, that's it for this Flavortown road trip, but don't you worry.
There's plenty more joints all over this country!
I'll be looking for you next time on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. As Christopher Walken I come here for the ice cream.
I like to put it in my pocket!
That's cold.
Rancher Rick.
Juicy, delicious burgers
ice-cold brews
mouth-watering barbecue
my three favorite food groups.
I'm traveling the country to show you the best burgers, brew, 'que, and everything in between.
Who wants some? Come on!
Cubed, chilled butte Got it.
Chilled butter? You cut it before you put it on?
That's how she's gonna bake? Just like that.
about 13 minutes.
Mm Last but not least?
We're gonna add some of the hot gravy to a roux.
It's almost solid. You throw the warm stuff on it.
Mix her up. Get the whisk to it.
Turns to a nice slurry.
All right, back in.
[whistles] So, now this is just gonna thicken up a little bit.
This is one of the funkiest red-eye gravies we have ever seen in the history of Triple Here's our biscuits.
I think to do this the right way, I'm gonna try to load it up with all of the bacon, the sausage, and the prime rib.
! Juicy meat, great texture, little bit of salt, little bit of sweetness, really nice biscuit.
Super coffee flavor. Coffee leads here.
This is Crazytown next to Flavortown.
The more you eat it, the more it grows on you.
Yeah. Mm!
The beef in it is just to die for.
I don't even like coffee, but I really love the espresso in it.
And the biscuits are light and fluffy and fantastic.
This is the kind of place that you root for.
This is the experience you have to have.
If you think this is unique and interesting and adventurous, wait till you try the
Jalapeño hot cakes.
You're gonna love them.
FIERI: That’s when we come back.
Li's the food that brings us together.
And kitchens where every meal is the most important of the day.
Welcome back, Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives in Delta, Wisconsin, and let me introduce you to the wild, wild west family of the Liautauds.
That would be my buddy, Jimmy John Liautaud.
That's right the dude from Jimmy John's Sandwiches.
So, we're hanging out here at the Delta Diner, a place that I discovered with this crazy family a year ago, and now Triple D is finally here.
This is Big Jim.
did you find it, or did Jimmy find it?
I think I found it. You think you found it?
Okay.
We had some fantastic red-eye gravy made with more coffee grounds than should ever be put into any dish.
It was outstanding, and it just gets crazy from here.
Pancakes with jalapeños.
It sounds crazy, but they're awesome.
Yep, you heard it right jalapeño hot cakes.
Outrageous. So let's get it going.
We'll start out with the gravy.
All-purpose flour.
Sugar.
Baking powder.
A little bit of cinnamon and salt All right, just mix this together.
Set it aside.
Eggs.
That's a lot of egg, baby.
Mix those up.
Jimmy, can you pour the vanilla?
Are you helping now?
I'm helping. All right!
This is really nice.
Milk.
Want me to stir this for you? Yeah.
Come on, Jimmy. You know how to cook.
All right. There we go.
Just keep her going.
Jimmy and his family have this great little cabin that we goo ever year.
And we were hanging out one day, and Jimmy says, I'm gonna take you to this great diner. Then I have this Norwegian pancake, so I knew that we would be coming back here.
Melted butter.
A lot of butter, and this makes what I would call a not very thick batter.
No. It's gonna be thin.
It goes in a container, goes in the fridge.
We've had a chance for the pancake batter to rest.
Onto the griddle? This is it.
Let's see it. All right.
Now you're gonna throw on chopped pickled jalapeño.
Yep.
This does not look like it should work at all.
Now you smell the jalapeños starting to caramelize a little bit on the grill.
We're gonna sprinkle the powdered sugar on it All right, so, everybody, here's what you do.
Grab that lemon.
Squeeze it around on top of that.
Why this works, I do not know.
I don't say it very often, but this is probably in the top three best pancakes I've ever had on Triple D, if not the best.
It's tender. It's light. It's thin.
Kind of think about it like a crepe gone wild.
And it is sweet. That's a sweet batter.
It's nice and eggy.
And the lemon and the sugar just cut the hot perfectly.
It's an amazing combination.
Leslie Liautaud, what do you think?
The jalapeño is not hot. It's savory.
so you get a perfect savory and sweet mixture.
I get caught between texture and flavor.
They're both vying for all your attention.
It's really just amazing.
I didn't expect it to be this great.
It's worth a special journey to get here.
So, there you are, in the real-deal diner in the middle of nowhere.
Adios!
Coming up, in Duluth, Minnesota
That is thick and dense.
doing-it-all Italian spot
All day long.
serving it up family-style.
So, it's full-on Brady Bunch. after today I can offer you no interest for months.
If you've been watching Triple D for a while, you know I'm a huge fan of Italian markets.
I mean, I don't know what it is.
Maybe it's my heritage.
Maybe it's the fact that you can go in, it's part grocery store and part deli and you can get a little snack or a little Italian specialty.
I mean, the list goes on and on.
So, I'm here in the Spirit Valley neighborhood right outside of Duluth, Minnesota, to check out a joint where a family is doing that and more.
This is Gannucci's Italian Market.
Chicken Parm and a porchetta, table 6.
Everything is homemade here.
Meatball sub and muffaletta.
Thank you.
It's family-owned.
It's been in the family for a while.
That would be since 1978, and the running the ship since 2011 is owner and chef Billy Kalligher.
So, now, your family works here? Your kids work here, as well?
Yep, my wife, my son, my daughters, yep.
How many daughters do you have?
Six. What?
Yeah.
And a son? Three.
Whoa. just makes you feel like you're at home.
Got a lasagna for table 4.
This lasagna ranks as one of the best that I've ever had.
Lots of good layer good cheese.
All right, so, what are we gonna make first?
Make Italian sausage for lasagna.
Let's get after it, then. All right.
I have a pork butt. Cut up in pieces.
And I'm gonna feed it through the grinder, grind away.
Now I'm ready to season it up.
In goes the ground pork.
I add water, salt, granulated garlic, fennel seed.
Black pepper.
And some ground anise seed.
How long will you cook this down? Just until it's brown.
Smells awesome.
What are we up to now?
Pasta. Beautiful.
The dough's ready to be rolled out. Here we go.
A little flour down.
Roll it out.
Dude, you can work some dough.
Cut it up.
Now we're gonna boil these for about 30 seconds.
Okay, once they're done, in some cold water.
Not completely cooked, though.
Nope.
Okay, now I'm going to assemble my lasagna.
First our homemade marinara.
Noodles in.
marinara on top of that.
Then I'm going to put my Italian sausage down.
That is great Italian sausage. Thank you.
Top it with some cheese and then build another layer.
More sauce. More sauce.
Some good Romano on it, more sausage, and this will be the last layer.
Three layers? Three layers.
And we're gonna cook this off in the oven.
What temp?
About 275, 300, just to bring it up the temp and melt the cheese.
That's gonna be out in 45 minutes? Yep.
Wow.
That is thick and dense.
Low-cal.
Low-cal lasagna.
What I like is, it's simple, it's completely balanced, little saltiness from that Romano cheese.
The kind of lasagna I wanted as a kid was noodle, noodle, noodle, noodle, noodle, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat.
That's what that is. All right.
But the ground sausage really is the foundation of it.
I could eat it all day long.
Good deal.
All day long.
Outstanding. Delicious.
Yourtwolasagnas are up, kiddo.
The pasta's very fresh. It has a perfect texture.
It's not tough. It's not chewy.
My grandfather used to make Italian sausage, and it tastes very much like his.
Oh, I definitely get cravings for this.
I mean, this is funky. Yeah.
You are right in the middle of a market.
It's a little like stepping back into like Little Italy or something like that.
And part of that old-school feeling is the deli load of sandwiches they're making up fresh, including an Italian take on a monster New Orleans classic.
Okay, we got the muffaletta ready.
It's delicious.
It has layers of different types of Italian cheeses.
The bread is sweet.
It contrasts with the spiciness of the meats on there.
I have to have that at least ask when I can.
What are making? The muffaletta.
Tapenade time.
All right.
Got black olives.
The green olives.
Roasted red peppers, Kalamata.
Capers. Capers, baby.
And then some olive oil.
Black pepper.
Black pepper.
Oregano.
And the best garlic Mix this up, let it kind of marry together.
You bet.
Now we put the muffaletta together. You betcha.
Okay, we got our homemade focaccia bread.
Cut.
Now we get the oil.
First I'm gonna start with the mozzarella.
Now a layer of Genoa salami.
Next we'll go to the provolone.
You ever think about putting some cheese on this?
[laughs] Little bit of capocollo on top.
Holy moly!
[chuckles] And now for the tapenade.
On goes the top.
This is our homemade dipping sauce.
Got vinegars and pepper juice, and that makes it.
If you love Italian cold cuts, if you love brininess and salty, this is your sandwich.
The richness and all these different components.
And the dipping sauce is righteous, man.
Yeah, that's good stuff.
This is how you make it. This is the Gannucci way.
Outstanding. All right.
Here's your muffaletta. Thank you.
The olives on the muffaletta sandwich are great.
The more olives, the better.
It's a big portion. It is a big portion, but the best part is you can take some home.
I love walking into this place.
It's just kind of feel like home when I come here.
And here's the deal In a mom-and-pop joint, it's all that energy and all that love and family participation that really makes it so great.
I believe it. Thanks.
Great job, man. Great job.
Up next, a unique stop in Eugene, Oregon
So, Triple D has been on the air for over 7 1/2 years,
over 21 seasons, and we have visited over 800 locations.
We've had a lot of firsts first burger joint, barbecue joint, taco joint, you name it.
The list goes on and on.
I got a new first for you.
We're here in Eugene, Oregon, to check out an all-vegan restaurant.
This is Cornbread Cafe.
Fish and chips, table 2.
It's wonderful, Southern-style comfort food.
Barbecue plate, table 3.
Everything is really yummy.
If you weren't a vegan and you came in here, I think you'd eat a lot of the similar items that you see at most comfort-food diners.
Which is no accident.
What I like to do is veganize traditional recipes.
Since 2011, owner Sher Walters has been serving up those favorites in a funky '50s building.
Was it an old diner? It was a drive-in.
So, you wanted a diner feeling. Yep.
but you wanted to make it vegan.
I'm a meat-eater, and this is a place that I've never noticed that I am not eating meat.
sandwich up, table 1.
The Eugenewich is their signature sandwich.
It's a big slab of fried, flavorful tofu with haystack onions.
It's delicious.
We're gonna make Southern-fried tofu for our Eugenewich.
All right, so, let's get into this.
How many pounds of tofu do you guys think you go through in a week Give or take, 350 pounds.
A lot of tofu.
We're gonna line it on the sheet tray
bake it for about 14 minutes in a 350-degree oven.
All right, so, we've got our tofu that is cooled down.
Okay.
And we're ready to start making the dredge.
Unsweetened soy milk.
Apple cider vinegar.
Little hot sauce. And the hot sauce.
So, this is making our buttermilk. Yep.
All right, we're gonna season the flour.
Yep. Baking powder. Great. Salt.
And sea salt and poultry seasoning, black pepper, and celery seed.
And then I just get my hands in the and mix it up.
Let me see the magic.
[chuckles] So, it goes into the buttermilk.
Dredge them through. Yep.
Back into the buttermilk.
And a dredge. You get a nice coating on this.
And that goes in the fryer for abouttwominutes.
We're gonna fry all this and build a sandwich.
All right.
Then I put on the Daiya tapioca cheese.
Take a grilled bun.
This is our Eugenewich sauce that we made with our house-made barbecue sauce and vegan mayo.
And lettuce and tomato, our Southern-fried tofu patty and this is our carrot bacon. Interesting.
Our haystack onions, then we're gonna pair that with our home fries.
Here you go, Triple D vegan.
That's great.
It's got texture. It's got chew.
The barbecue sauce is out of bounds.
The haystack fries that makes it fly.
I don't get anything like, Ohh, that's tofu. [laughs] I mean, I would challenge anybody that says they don't like vegan food to try that and tell me that they don't dig it.
Nice job.
Thank you.
You got the crispiness of the tofu.
It has a sweetness to it. It has a smokiness.
So, this is Chef Preston, owns one of the best sushi restaurants that you'll find here in the Eugene area.
Tell me what you think Chef.
Texture is just crispy and perfect.
I can feel the owner's passion in the food.
Hot Thing, no veggies, and a Reuben, table 5.
Where did you learn to cook?
I learned to cook from my grandma.
Very nice. Grandma was vegan?
A vegetarian for 60-plus years.
No! Really? Yep.
That's awesome. Yep.
I got the frozen peanut butter pie. Oh, boy!
And it looks like dessert's also been handed down.
The frozen peanut butter pie is just awesome.
It's almost like a frozen peanut butter cup.
We're going to make our frozen peanut butter pie.
Got vegan cream cheese.
We'll beat that.
Creamy peanut butter here.
So, we're gonna alternate a few times between the soy milk and powdered sugar.
You want me to sprinkle?
Yeah.
All right, here's our vegan whipped cream.
Into the spring form pan.
I'm gonna drizzle chocolate sauce.
Do a little swirly Very cool.
Goes into the freezer fortwohours.
Peanut butter pie, Guy.
It's just a really excellent balance of flavor and texture, kind of a cross between a cheesecake and an ice cream pie.
That right there has a savory component to it, like with the peanuts.
Not overly sweet by any means.
It's awesome. It really is.
It's thick. It's rich.
It's a perfect combination of peanut butter and chocolate.
00 In fact, I would work here for free just to learn how to do what they do.
You could have named it Funkalicious. I'm very impressed.
Awesome job. Thank you.
Very proud of you.
So, that's it for this edition of Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives.
I'll be looking for you next time on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. That's good.
Whistling Uh, hey, Johnny?
I need the metal container with the flour in it for the table.
[laughter] JAMIE: I'm Jamie.
And I'm Bobby.
And we're on a road trip to find the best food the South has to offer.
Good cheers, brother.
In West Virginia, we find a barbecue joint that'll make you want to slap your mama.
Call my wife and tell her I ain't coming home.
A fried fish sandwich and a delicious strawberry pie with whipped cream.
Great day in the morning!
And it's not the South without chili dogs, y'all, fried green tomatoes, and creamy custard shakes.
And we can't leave West Virginia without hitting their world-famous white-water rapids.
Oh!
So y'all hop in for a ride on our Southern Fried Road Trip.
375, about 7 to 8 minutes.
Whoa, hot and fast. You know.
Okay, chicken's out.
Get a chance to cool down for a second.
Red beans and rice are finished.
Put it together, 'cause I'm gonna drown in my own saliva.
All right, we ready to go?
Look at that, though.
[laughing] Yes!
That was okay. Oh.
That's outrageous level of red beans and rice.
Okay, good. Thank you.
The smoked turkey leg is really the key factor.
I get smoky, I get meaty, I get super-tender beans.
I get it all together, and with the fried chicken.

The chicken is very simple.
Nice breading. Not greasy.
Old school. Delicious.
Thank you. You rocked the house.
Fried chicken, red beans and rice.
Enjoy. Thank you.
The chicken is crispy on the outside, And it just kind of melts in your mouth.
Smoked turkey is not something that overpowers the beans or the andouille sausage, but is a nice complement.
It's just cooked to perfection, like everything that Pam does.
I have a gumbo coming up. Now, where did you learn to cook?
I had a great grandmother, Gussie Hayes, who Time out.
Okay. Gussie Hayes.
That's a name!
She taught me how to cook when I was about 9 years old.
I just fell love with it.
And these days, she still loves cooking up both the savory and sweet side of Southern.
Red-velvet waffle, cream-cheese topping.
The red-velvet waffles are delicious.
They melt in your mouth.
I don't know how else to them.
I think I called them heavenly.
Okay, what are we making next?
We're gonna make our red-velvet waffles.
You know, red velvet is a big Southern staple.
We have apple cider vinegar. All of that, huh?
All of that. Got some buttermilk.
Okay. Some vanilla extract.
Got our eggs. Our red food coloring.
Let's s how red this’s.
We're gonna whisk this.
Okay. That's red.
Okay, so, now
Cocoa, baking soda, salt, sugar.
Okay. We've got me cake flour here.
Cake flour? That's right.
All right. Let it go.
All right, so, now the dry ingredients are together.
And we're going to pour our wet ingredient in and mix that up.
The batter is Now
the butter on, and the cream-cheese topping goes right on top.
That over a hot waffle
You're gonna scrape me off the ceiling with a spatula.
Pecans on top. Okay.
Here we go.
That's a waffle-lover's waffle.
It's got a little bit of crunch to the outside.
Very soft. Not overly sweet.
The cream-cheese frosting/syrup filling/nougat
is great.
There is one person would walk over hot coals for that my son Ryder.
Thank you so much. Nice job.
Red-velvet waffles.
These are so delicious that you can have them for breakfast, for dinner, for anything. The cream-cheese syrup on top does just the right amount of sweet. Cream-cheese syrup. That's the best way to put it.
That says gym membership to me.
Southern-fried chicken piccata.
Here's what I love about what you do Everything is tied to you, everything is tied to family, and it feels like you're at some family's home.
Thank you, Guy.
Awesome job. Thank you.
Gussie Hayes. Thank you.
I'm here in north Baltimore, Maryland, in an area known as Govans, abouttwomiles away from Loyola University.
I'm here to check out a joint that's got a lot of theories on how they got their name.
Some folks say, well, it was a swimming hole.
Others say it was a spring that dried up.
Regardless of how they got their name, it's a name you'll never forget on Triple This is Swallow at the Hollow.
Sliders up.
Swallow at the Hollow is more than just a burger place.
T minutes on those wings.
There's always something different.
Blackened-tuna pita.
I've been coming to the Swallow since college.
I can remember when they had greasy, grimy floors, before it was purchased by Aaron.
That'd be chef and owner Aaron Reinhart, who's been serving up scratch-made pub grub since he took over in 2011.
You buy it, and you re-invigorate the menu.
When I got here, it was all frozen food.
Wow. It's just a notch above anything you're gonna find at another dive bar.
Honey-ghost wings up.
MAN #3: I've probably had the honey-ghost wings 50, 60 times easily.
I don't even order wings anywhere else. Just here.
Now comes something that I'm very fearful of.
Ghost pepper-honey wings? Honey-ghost.
Those right there rather hot.
You're a scary man. All right, first up?
Honey-ghost pepper wing sauce.
Okay. Hit it, man.
Olive oil.
Onions in.
Diced serrano peppers.
And the fabulous ghost peppers.
I don't even want to look into it, 'cause the ghost peppers are gonna eat my soul.
This'll sweat for a half-hour.
All right, one full pot of coffee.
Hang on a second. I'm gonna spot you.
Muffled One One full pot of coffee.
Go get 'em.
Let that reduce. This is a funky brew, dude.
I'm telling you right now.
While the coffee's reducing, we're gonna make the slurry.
First step? Start with the honey, honey.
Ketchup.
Worcestershire sauce.
Balsamic vinegar.
Orange juice.
Dark molasses.
Sugar. Cayenne pepper.
Mexican chili powder.
Garlic powder.
Dried thyme.
Dried basil.
Dried oregano.
Black pepper. Kosher salt.
Okay, whisk that up. Now, that will get incorporated into the sweated onions, peppers? Yep.
Now you're gonna hit that with an immersion blender? I am.
Now we're gonna hit the super slurry?
Ohh.
This is funky town.
I'm having flashbacks from Smalley's.
All groaning Oh, God. It hurts all the way through.
Ohh. Get the milk on hand.
Wings are done? Wings are done.
Roll.
Honey-ghost pepper wing sauce.
Okay.
What's in that blue-cheese dressing?
Blue cheese, buttermilk, sour cream.
I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.
They're gonna be hot.
The wings are cooked perfectly. They're very juicy There's the right amount of heat just a little burn.
Now, don't get scared by the ghost pepper.
It lets you know it's there, kind of like a ghost.
and the sauce is incredibly flavorful the Worcestershire and the molasses.
The coffee, really, I think, is probably the big kicker.
Outrageous. You could be known for the wing alone just on this It's that good. Cool. That's what we're looking for.
I love the honey-ghost wings.
They're very nice and crispy on the outside.
They're juicy on the inside.
And the end, it just has the best kick to it.
Kind of the ghost heat. Ghost heat.
The Swallow at the Hollow's been iconic here in the North Baltimore neighborhood for years and years. How old is this joint?
This was here in the '40s.
My grandmother used to come here on her lunch hour.
It was a dive, dive bar.
Aaron's cleaned it up but not taken any of the character away.
It's still the Swallow, but it's a place you bring the kids to.
The decor, the atmosphere, the food is amazing.
Steak going on the flat top.
Today, I'm having the Swallow's beefsteak wrap.
Steak's perfectly cooked medium-rare.
It's just dynamite.
at are we making? Beefsteak wrap.
Let's s the magic, the voodoo you do.
First thing, we're gonna pound them out.
And then we make the marinade? Then we make the marinade.
Got it. Scallions.
Cilantro.
Red bell pepper.
Lime juice. Garlic.
Sun-dried tomato.
Olive oil.
Looks good. Smells good. Okay.
Rub-a-dub-dub? Yep.
Now, how long's this meat gonna marinate?
Anywhere from half an hour to an hour.
All right, let's cook the flank.
And a buttered tortilla.
After we rest the steak, we're ready to slice it.
So, against the grain on a bias? Excellent.
Start with the avocado.
Lettuce just enough for a little bit of crunch.
Pico.
Now goes your steak.
Little bit of cheese.
Back on the grill to seal.
Once it's sealed, it's ready to be cut and plated.
Wow, look at you, plating genius.
Height, baby. Height.
This is what we call, in the rest of the country, a burrito.
[laughs] It isn't wrap. I'm at home.
Great pico, tender meat, avocado.
That's a good burrito.
Thank you very much. I mean, really.
Call it a wrap. Call it whatever you want.
Call it a Mexican roll.
It's a burrito. It's good.
Very tender, juicy.
Just a really good combination that you wouldn't expect.
I love the Swallow.
It's like my second home.
You take a lot of pride and respect in doing this food right and making it from scratch at a local landmark that people have known for years.
Nice job, Ron. Thanks a lot.
Up next in Eugene, Oregon. [whistles] a jammin' soul-food joint
I'm here in Eugene, Oregon, in one of the oldest neighborhoods, known as Whiteaker. Now, I got a great story for you.
It starts off with this y that's got a band, and it's called Papa's Soul Kitchen.
Well, then he gets himself a food cart, and eventually, he opens his own restaurant.
And you know what the name's got toe.
That's right. This is Papa's Soul Food Kitchen & Bbq.
Barbecued pork ribs, baked beans, mac and cheese.
It's like you're transported to New Orleans without buying a plane ticket.
I actually used to be a vegetarian, so these are, like, the kind of dishes that make you happy to no longer be a vegetarian.
Pulled-pork sandwich and collard greens.
It's the best stuff happening this side of the Mississippi.
Which has always been the dream for Papa and his wife, Deb to dish out Southern grub juke-joint style to folks in the Northwest.
You and Big Papa started this joint how long ago?
Unfortunately, Papa passes. Yeah.
And you kept it going.
He's not here, but people can still remember him every time they come and eat here.
And the carrying on Papa's legacy since 2009 is Chef Cliff Davis.
But everybody calls him Redbone.
I had some family history with soul food, so he met me and started training me to be his sous-chef.
His protégé. Yeah.
I love this place. The people are generous.
The portion sizes are generous.
I know I'm gonna get messy, so I bib up.
I suit up. I'm ready to go.
Barbecued-chicken plate with collard greens and baked beans.
I'm doing the barbecued chicken.
Always comes off the bone really easy.
Perfectly cooked every time.
It's got a good, nice smoke ring, d the barbecue sauce with the rub is the ultimate combination.
What are we making first? We're gonna bust out some barbecue sauce, my man.
Dig it. What I'm gonna do is start with some tomato paste.
We got some ketchup here.
Brown sugar. Our Worcestershire sauce.
This is Papa's recipe? It is.
Molasses. Got our honey.
Syrup.
Like, maple? We use table syrup.
Chuckling Got to love it.
Some liquid smoke.
Salt. Fresh-ground black pepper.
Paprika. [whistles] Chili powder.
Onion powder. Mustard powder.
Cayenne pepper, and a little bit of cinnamon.
Then we've got the boat motor.
Once things are mixed up, we're gonna add the vinegar slowly.
[whistles] Ii We got one sauce for all of our meats.
Step one of this adventure is awesome.
Well, that's what I'm talking about.
What are we making next? We're gonna barbecue some chicken, my man.
So, this chicken's been brining for three days.
So, we gonna bust out this dry rub.
Start off with some brown sugar, add our kosher salt and black pepper.
White pepper. Cayenne pepper.
Onion powder.
I'm just gonna preface everything here and just say we're using everything that we have.
Garlic powder. Chili powder.
Paprika.
We got rosemary.
Thyme.
Sage.
Oregano.
Basil.
BOTH: And marjoram. That's it.
Okay. So, I mix this all up by hand.
I like to take the spoon and just give them a good, generous amount of dry rub.
Pp Just take at rig there like that.
How long we let these smoke?
Seems to take between three and four hours.
What temperature you running that smoker at?
250. We're ready to eat, Guy.
Dig it.
We serve this with barbecue sauce.
Get a little baked beans here.
And hit it with a little collard green.
That chicken is tender, juicy.
That brine gives it a lot of love.
Love dried beans.
Little sweet, little salt.
Great texture.
The greens are outrageous. I mean
You feel good after eating them greens.
I'm a green machine. It's legit.
And I can't say that about every barbecue place.
That's real-deal. Right on, man. Thank you Barbecue-chicken plate.
I would go swimming in the barbecue sauce head-first.
Barbecue's not something you really find a lot in Oregon.
Mnh-mnh. How does this taste?
It's definitely the best.
Barbecue pork ribs, mac and cheese. Order up.
There's nothing like this that can beat Papa Soul's.
Barbecue-chicken sandwich.
Papa was bigger than life.
So, he's a musician, and a great one, from what I hear.
He was incredible.
He played the washboard. He played the bass.
He was an impressionist.
He is alive and well in here. Yep.
is is a party. Yeah.
And speaking of parties, how about this Southern celebration?
One soul burger.
It's very soulful. Tremendous flavor.
And we're gonna get after that when we come back.
Nothing stops Soul Kitchen barbecue.
In Eugene, Oregon, Papa's Soul Food Kitchen & BBQ is doing something pretty unique in these parts dishing out straight-up Southern staples.
Jambalaya and a gumbo.
You feel like you're in the South when you come in here.
We're also gonna need a catfish plate.
And Chef Redbone's carrying the torch passed on from Papa, the late owner who started the joint.
What is great soul food?
You got to have some passion for the recipes.
You got to have family history for the food.
Catfish, yams, red beans and rice. Order up.
I only have to eat once a day if I come in here.
Soul burger! Order up!
I'm having the soul burger. It is a really good, spicy burger with a little coleslaw and some, like, frizzled onions on it.
You've got this nice hunk of meat that is sandwiched between some great bread.
All right. So, the ground pork from the pork butt? Ye And this is gonna be the beginning of the soul patty.
Sho' is. Sho' is!
So, we're gonna take this ground pork.
We're gonna mix together the holy trinity onions, bell peppers, and celery.
Kosher salt. Got it.
Fresh-ground black pepper. Some garlic powder.
Paprika.
Crystal Hot Sauce.
Some Worcestershire sauce.
The barbecue sauce That is kier barbecue sauce.
We're gonna mix this all up.
And we're gonna portion out the patties?
We're going for 1/2 pound. [whistles] How are we gonna co this? We're gonna smoke these.
What happens when it rains? Rain don't stop us in Oregon.
Nothing stops Soul Kitchen barbecue.
Okay, let's go to the smoker.
Probably at about 225 degrees.
We're gonna smoke them for about an hour to an hour and a half.
So, we've got some freshly-shredded cabbage here, and the soul dressing mayonnaise, apple cider vinegar, celery seed, and sugar.
Soul slaw down? Soul slaw down.
We're gonna add our smoked pork patty.
On the smoked patty, we'll get our Papa Soul Kitchen barbecue sauce.
We top it with our Southern-fried onions.
Hit it with some fries, top it with our cornmeal bun.
There you go, Guy. All right. Let's get after this. I'm going in.
The balance is fantastic. Oh, thank you.
Not over-smoked on the burger.
The slaw has the crunch.
The barbecue sauce is spicy and sweet.
And then, those little, fried, crunchy onions on top of it just play it all together.
I'd get busy on that right there.
Nice job. Thank you.
Got your soul burger here.
The flavors When you bite, you have like five or six different tastes.
It's making me full, but doesn't mean I'm gonna stop.
Isn't just a restaurant. It's more of, like, an atmosphere and an experience more than anything.
You know, the way that Papa built this and the way that you're carrying through the tradition
Mm-hmm? Very impressive, bro.
Papa's very proud, man.
Appreciate it, Guy. Excellent job.
Scatting So, that's it for this trip, but don't worry.
There's plenty more Triple D joints all over the country!
I'll be looking for you next week on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dive Okay, so we're working on that burger. Good.
Let's just got to camera one, camera two, camera three, camera four, camera five, camera six!
[laughter]This is gourmet right here, man.
a double dose in Nashville, Tennessee
This girl been cooking.
where a food-truck couple
We got some Tennessee cheddar.
It's a monster.
is flipping out on the grilled-cheese concept
I'm gonna go into, like, a little dream sequence.
and a down-home Italian joint
Rustic, baby.
is dishing out the goods on grandma.
Look at that.
Then, in Kansas ty, Missouri
It's spicy.
the family noodle shop
Who's a better cook you or your sister?
Of course my sister. She's right over there.
laying out the wizardry of the won tons.
For scientific purposes, I'm gonna have eight more.
That's all right here, right now, on Triple D.
So I'm here in Nashville, Tennessee. Got to love it.
I mean killer barbecue, great music, and you never know who you'll run into.
So anyhow, I'm here to check out a joint that's doing grilled cheese, but grilled cheese to a different level.
It's not just what they're serving, it's what they're serving it from.
Get this a food truck. This
Was that Nah.
Anyhow, this is The Grilled Cheeserie.
Pimento mac and cheese melt, no bacon.
This truck is one of the best food trucks here in Nashville.
B&B and tots. And the word is out.
It's almost impossible to find them without a long line.
We havetwomacs on the grill.
It's not trying to be fancy. It's just good and what's right.
Short rib melt.
Translation gangster grilled cheeses and standout soups.
A simple menu that chef Crystal De Luna-Bogan and her musician husband, Joseph, have stuck to since they opened the truck in 2010.
The sandwich is like heaven in your mouth.
I heard from other folks in line this is your anniversary.
Yeah, it is. I like the way you roll.
This place does it right.
Great ingredients from local farms.
So it's gourmet grilled cheese, but it's still, like, a comfort food.
With awesome combos like short ribs and pepper Jack, cheddar with bacon, and this funky top seller.
T pimento mac and cheese.
Partnered up with their take on the classic tomato soup.
It's nice and cheesy and gooey and hot and spicy.
We got some Tennessee cheddar.
It's a monster.
It's a 40-pound block.
We're gonna cut this up, shred it up for the pimento mac and cheese base.
So you're gonna cut the cheese?
I'm gonna cut this cheese with this knife.
So no processed cheese in this crew.
No, sir.
Mm. Delicious. Okay.
So cheese is done.
I'm gonna make some mayo.
Eggs, garlic, our spice mix  paprika, cayenne pepper, and then
Hot sauce?
hot sauce in the mayo.
It's a slow stream. Slow stream.
And then the oil.
So this kind of replaces the whole roux situation.
I got you.
This actually makes it a lot more gooey.
And we love our mayo here in the South.
All right. Now we just assemble.
So we got our mac. We already cooked it into some salted boiling water, a little oil.
We got our mayo made.
Whoa, this girl think she was pretty, little bartender.
I've ever had.
I love the originality of Luke’s.
Everything's named based on the meat that's in it.
Luke COW, CHICKEN, PIG, SHRIMP.
Could you just do me a favor and just do either the sound or the shape of the animal, just so I can have a better interpretation?
Bawk-bawk, oink-oink, bbq, moo.
The shrimp doesn't make much noise.
But it makes a killer sandwich.
Luke AND THIS IS THE SHRIMP. IT HAS BLUE Cheese and apple slices and rosemary.
Here's the shrimp. into the food processor.
couple of whole eggs.
corn starch. chipotle pepper. rosemary.
we're gonna pulse this up.
whirring okay. so in goes the mixture.
The rest of the shrimps.
So the shrimp are gonna hold together in the mixture of shrimp? get on in there.
then we port++n it into 6-ounce patties and we put it in the fridge overnight.
it does.
Next up we're gonna make the blue goo.
Take a little bit of whole-grain Dijon.
Blue cheese. mayonnaise.
Texas honey with some shishito peppers steeped in it.
Mm really? mm.
I love shishitos.
There's the blue goo.
In this salad, we toss in the baby spinach.
Sliced red onion. granny smith apple.
For the blue goo. now we cook the shrimp.
Put it on the ye old griddle. ye old griddle?
a little man tequila. butter.
[sizzling] IT'S IN THE SHAPE OF THE SANDWICH.
Put a little hat on it for a minute.
That's just gonna sit there and crust up.
And you're gonna toast the bread?
Put down a little parmesan cheese to drive the natives crazy outside.
The native austinites.
That's gonna be a good one. I can just tell.
Look at her. looks weird.
Yeah. yeah.
It's not gonna fall on your lap, though.
Right on, man!
I like the way it's going.
To the bread.
it's crazy.
Blue goo.
The reveal.
crunches mouth full OF THE SANDWICHES I'VE HAD ON Triple d I've had some crazy ones it's a lot crazier.
You got great texture. love the apple.
Love the crunch. love the onion crunch.
The blue cheese does kinda take the lead.
Really good lead.
So it is shrimpy von shrimpness.
That is the shrimp. and he is the Luke.
AND I AM THE GUY. [laughs] mouth full THERE'S ONLY ONE PROBLEM.
It's kind of like having to see Metallica play IN A 10x17.
You're just too big of a band to play in such a small arena. nice.
mouth full AWESOME, DUDE. I'D BUY ALL YOUR Albums.
[laughing] Up next, we're headed to Minneapolis, Minnesota.
HEY, HAVE YOU HEARD THE ONE WHERE THE Fancy food truck walks into a dive bar?
Roasted lamb sandwich.
mouth full THAT IS THE SANDWICH OF SANDWICHES.
This time, it ain't no joke.
so here I am in Minneapolis in the northeast or the northeast, as they call it just catty-corner from the old grain belt brewery.
Now what do we get? yep.
Another taco truck backin' up to a bar.
But because we're in Minneapolis, they like to call it a lobster truck pullin' up to a dive.
This is smack shack 1029 bar.
THANK YOU. man THE FOOD TRUCK IS USUALLY On 7th and marquette in downtown Minneapolis.
thank you very much.
So he turned to his buddy troy Olson.
cheering They wanted to bring lobster into the bar.
I thought they were crazy.
LET ME GET THIS STRAIGHT. YOU'RE A BAR.
Got it. started as a lobster truck.
you use some of the kitchen as a home base, run the snack shack, all making great food, serve it to the bar.
You got it. package deal!
SOMEBODY'S A WINNER. mouths word cheering it's it's real food.
Hi. lobster roll for you.
The lobster roll is my favorite.
Shrimp po' boy is up. shrimp po' boy is delicious.
Here's your roasted lamb sandwich.
Don't worry, they got you covered.
The lamb is very tender. it's delicious.
We got our bone-in leg of lamb.
save that guy.
You know they'll come in boned out.
Yeah, but then I don't get the bones.
makes the stock.
We're gonna do thyme. we have rosemary.
Garlic. put a little canola on there.
This is the messy part.
One, two, three. there we go.
We're gonna tie a little surgeon's knot here.
SPONGE, PLEASE. [laughs] Boned, rolled, and tied.
This sits overnight.
Then we salt and pepper it.
we go, about 4 to 5 hours.
next we're making saffron aioli.
Go for garlic.
Some saffron tea. it's in bloom.
A little warm water. big saffron on that.
whirring Then we go lemon aioli.
You make this yourself? we do, yeah.
Go big. a little pulse.
Bit of harissa in there. harissa.
That's kind of like a curry or a salsa.
Just that beautiful orange that hue.
whirring PROBABLY SHOULD TASTE THAT.
smacking lips [laughter] That'll pass.
Nice.
Cooled down, ready to roll.
We snip, snip, snip. that is awesome!
smacks lips AHH!
Here we go.
Right down the middle.
There. look at that!
Right there. low and slow.
Slice super thin.
mutters ALL RIGHT.
mouth full YO, I'VE HAD SOME GREAT LAMB.
That low and slow at the 200 just broke it down.
Outstanding. I mean, stupid in flavor.
All right. that's a sandwich?
PICTURE AT. speaks indistinctly I'LL PICTURE It in a second.
Make it a reality. you got the au jus working.
I make sure that I keep that fat right in the stock so that when I pull it up, I get a little bit of lamb fat.
We' gonna let that sit for one sec. okay.
First what we're gonna do is we're gonna take our harissa.
Ohh, ho!
Then we go right onto the sandwich, right from here.
we got our fennel seed slaw.
Fennel rocks it!
We got our saffron aioli right here, and we go just like this.
Look at that!
mouth full IT'S OUTRAGEOUS.
That's the definition of stupid in flavor town.
stupid in the good way.
Roasts off at 200 degrees for 4 hours.
Stupid!
This has got to be in the top greatest lamb sandwiches I've had.
mouth full SO GOOD. OH, MY GOSH!
That is the sandwich of sandwiches.
Lobster battle royale!
man THE LOBSTER MAC & CHEESE, IT'S LIKE Perfection.
'Cause I ain't done at the shack.
Wow, that's good.
yeah, it's a great day in the nordeast section of Minneapolis, BUT LOOKS. [chuckles] ARE DECEIVING.
'Cause tucked inside the 1029 bar,
Cubed, chilled butte Got it.
Chilled butter You cut it before you put it on?
That's how she's gonna bake? Just like that.
350, about 13 minutes.
Mm Last but not least?
We're gonna add some of the hot gravy to a roux.
It's almost solid. You throw the warm stuff on it.
Mix her up. Get the whisk to it.
Turns to a nice slurry.
All right, back in.
[whistles] So, now this is just gonna thicken up a little bit.
This is one of the funkiest red-eye gravies we have ever seen in the history of Triple Here's our biscuits.
I think to do this the right way, I'm gonna try to load it up with all of the bacon, the sausage, and the prime rib.
Juicy meat, great texture, little bit of salt, little bit of sweetness, really nice biscuit.
Super coffee flavor. Coffee leads here.
This is Crazytown next to Flavortown.
The more you eat it, the more it grows on you.
Aa The beef in it is just to die for.
I don't even like coffee, but I really love the espresso in it.
And the biscuits are light and fluffy and fantastic.
This is the kind of place that you root for.
This is the experience you have to have.
If you think this is unique and interesting and adventurous, wait till you try the
Jalapeño hot cakes.
You're gonna love them.
That's when we come back.
Welcome back, Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives in Delta, Wisconsin, and let me introduce you to the wild, wild west family of the Liautauds.
That would be my buddy, Jimmy John Liautaud.
That's right the dude from Jimmy John's Sandwiches.
So, we're hanging out here at the Delta Diner, a place that I discovered with this crazy family a year ago, and now Triple D is finally here.
This is Big Jim.
did you find it, or did Jimmy find it?
I think I found it. You think you found it?
Okay.
We had some fantastic red-eye gravy made with more coffee grounds than should ever be put into any dish.
It was outstanding, and it just gets crazy from here.
Pancakes with jalapeños.
It sounds crazy, but they're awesome.
Yep, you heard it right jalapeño hot cakes.
Outrageous. So let's get it going.
We'll start out with the gravy.
All-purpose flour.
Sugar.
Baking powder.
A little bit of cinnamon and salt All right, just mix this together.
Set it aside.
Eggs.
That's a lot of egg, baby.
Mix those up.
Jimmy, can you pour the vanilla?
Are you helping now?
I'm helping. All right!
This is really nice.
Milk.
Want me to stir this for you? Yeah.
Come on, Jimmy. You know how to cook.
All right. There we go.
Just keep her going.
Jimmy and his family have this great little cabin that we goo ever year.
And we were hanging out one day, and Jimmy says, I'm gonna take you to this great diner. Then I have this Norwegian pancake, so I knew that we would be coming back here.
Melted butter.
A lot of butter, and this makes what I would call a not very thick batter.
No. It's gonna be thin.
It goes in a container, goes in the fridge.
We've had a chance for the pancake batter to rest.
Onto the griddle? This is it.
Let's see it. All right.
Now you're gonna throw on chopped pickled jalapeño.
Yep.
This does not look like it should work at all.
Now you smell the jalapeños starting to caramelize a little bit on the grill.
We're gonna sprinkle the powdered sugar on it All right, so, everybody, here's what you do.
Grab that lemon.
Squeeze it around on top of that.
Why this works, I do not know.
[laughs] I don't say it very often, but this is probably in the top three best pancakes I've ever had on Triple D, if not the best.
It's tender. It's light. It's thin.
Kind of think about it like a crepe gone wild.
And it is sweet. That's a sweet batter.
It's nice and eggy.
And the lemon and the sugar just cut the hot perfectly.
It's an amazing combination.
Leslie Liautaud, what do you think?
The jalapeño is not hot. It's savory.
so you get a perfect savory and sweet mixture.
I get caught between texture and flavor.
They're both vying for all your attention.
It's really just amazing.
I didn't expect it to be this great.
It's worth a special journey to get here.
So, there you are, in the real-deal diner in the middle of nowhere.
Adios!
Coming up, in Duluth, Minnesota
That is thick and dense.
a doing-it-all Italian spot
All day long.
serving it up family-style.
If you've been watching Triple D for a while, you know I'm a huge fan of Italian markets.
I mean, I don't know what it is.
Maybe it's my heritage.
Maybe it's the fact that you can go in, it's part grocery store and part deli and you can get a little snack or a little Italian specialty.
I mean, the list goes on and on.
So, I'm here in the Spirit Valley neighborhood right outside of Duluth, Minnesota, to check out a joint where a family is doing that and more.
This is Gannucci's Italian Market.
Chicken Parm and a porchetta, table 6.
Everything is homemade here.
Meatball sub and muffaletta.
Thank you.
It's family-owned.
It's been in the family for a while.
 That would be since 1978, and the running the ship since 2011 is owner and chef Billy Kalligher.
So, now, your family works here? Your kids work here, as well?
Yep, my wife, my son, my daughters, yep.
How many daughters do you have?
Six. What?
Yeah.
And a son? Three.
Whoa.
just makes you feel like you're at home.
Got a lasagna for table 4.
This lasagna ranks as one of the best that I've ever had.
Lots of good layer good cheese.
All right, so, what are we gonna make first?
Make Italian sausage for lasagna.
Let's get after it, then. All right.
I have a pork butt. Cut up in pieces.
And I'm gonna feed it through the grinder, grind away.
Now I'm ready to season it up.
In goes the ground pork.
I add water, salt, granulated garlic, fennel seed.
Black pepper.
And some ground anise seed.
How long will you cook this down? Just until it's brown.
Smells awesome.
What are we up to now?
Pasta. Beautiful.
The dough's ready to be rolled out. Here we go.
A little flour down.
Roll it out.
Dude, you can work some dough.
Cut it up.
Now we're gonna boil these for about 30 seconds.
Okay, once they're done, in some cold water.
Not completely cooked, though.
Nope.
Okay, now I'm going to assemble my lasagna.
First our homemade marinara.
Noodles in.
More marinara on top of that.
Then I'm going to put my Italian sausage down.
That is great Italian sausage. Thank you.
Top it with some cheese and then build another layer.
More sauce. More sauce.
Some good Romano on it, more sausage, and this will be the last layer.
Three layers? Three layers.
And we're gonna cook this off in the oven.
What temp?
About 275, 300, just to bring it up the temp and melt the cheese.
That's gonna be out in 45 minutes? Yep.
Wow.
That is thick and dense.
Low-cal.
Low-cal 'sagna.
What I like is, it's simple, it's completely balanced, little saltiness from that Romano cheese.
The kind of lasagna I wanted as a kid was noodle, noodle, noodle, noodle, noodle, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat.
That's what that is. All right.
But the ground sausage really is the foundation of it.
I could eat it all day long.
Good deal.
All day long.
Outstanding. Delicious.
Yourtwolasagnas are up, kiddo.
The pasta's very fresh. It has a perfect texture.
It's not tough. It's not chewy.
My grandfather used to make Italian sausage, and it tastes very much like his.
Oh, I definitely get cravings for this.
I mean, this is funky. Yeah.
You are right in the middle of a market.
It's a little like stepping back into like Little Italy or something like that.
And part of that old-school feeling is the deli load of sandwiches they're making up fresh, including an Italian take on a monster New Orleans classic.
Okay, we got the muffaletta ready.
It's delicious.
It has layers of different types of Italian cheeses.
The bread is sweet.
It contrasts with the spiciness of the meats on there.
I have to have that at least k when I can.
What are making? The muffaletta.
Tapenade time.
All right.
Got black olives.
The green olives.
Roasted red peppers, Kalamata.
Capers. Capers, baby.
And then some olive oil.
Black pepper.
Black pepper.
Oregano.
And the best garlic Mix this up, let it kind of marry together.
You bet.
Now we put the muffaletta together. You betcha.
Okay, we got our homemade focaccia bread.
Cut.
Now we get the oil.
First I'm gonna start with the mozzarella.
Now a layer of Genoa salami.
Next we'll go to the provolone.
You ever think about putting some cheese on this?
[laughs] Little bit of capocollo on top.
Holy moly!
[chuckles] And now for the tapenade.
On goes the top.
This is our homemade dipping sauce.
Got vinegars and pepper juice, and that makes it.
If you love Italian cold cuts, if you love brininess and salty, this is your sandwich.
The richness and all these different components.
And the dipping sauce is righteous, man.
Yeah, that's good stuff.
This is how you make it. This is the Gannucci way.
Outstanding. All right.
Here's your muffaletta. Thank you.
The olives on the muffaletta sandwich are great.
The more olives, the better.
It's a big portion. It is a big portion, but the best part is you can take some home.
I love walking into this place.
It's just kind of feel like home when I come here.
And here's the deal In a mom-and-pop joint, it's all that energy and all that love and family participation that really makes it so great.
I believe it. Thanks.
Great job, man. Great job.
Up next, a unique stop in Eugene, Oregon
So, Triple D has been on the air for over 7 1/2 years,
over 21 seasons, and we have visited over 800 locations.
We've had a lot of firsts first burger joint, barbecue joint, taco joint, you name it.
The list goes on and on.
I got a new first for you.
We're here in Eugene, Oregon, to check out an all-vegan restaurant.
This is Cornbread Cafe.
Fish and chips, table 2.
It's wonderful, Southern-style comfort food.
Barbecue plate, table 3.
Everything is really yummy.
If you weren't a vegan and you came in here, I think you'd eat a lot of the similar items that you see at most comfort-food diners.
Which is no accident.
What I like to do is veganize traditional recipes.
Since 2011, owner Sher Walters has been serving up those favorites in a funky '50s building.
Was it an old diner? It was a drive-in.
So, you wanted a diner feeling. Yep.
DD but you wanted to make it vegan.
I'm a meat-eater, and this is a place that I've never noticed that I am not eating meat.
Eugenewich up, table 1.
The Eugenewich is their signature sandwich.
It's a big slab of fried, flavorful tofu with haystack onions.
It's delicious.
We're gonna make Southern-fried tofu for our Eugenewich.
All right, so, let's get into this.
How many pounds of tofu do you guys think you go through in a week Give or take, 350 pounds.
A lot of tofu.
We're gonna line it on the sheet tray
bake it for about 14 minutes in a 350-degree oven.
All right, so, we've got our tofu that is cooled down.
Okay.
And we're ready to start making the dredge.
Unsweetened soy milk.
Apple cider vinegar.
Little hot sauce. And the hot sauce.
So, this is making our buttermilk. Yep.
All right, we're gonna season the flour.
Yep. Baking powder. Great. Salt.
And sea salt and poultry seasoning, black pepper, and celery seed.
And then I just get my hands in the and mix it up.
Let me see the magic.
[chuckles] So, it goes into the buttermilk.
Dredge them through. Yep.
Back into the buttermilk.
And a dredge. You get a nice coating on this.
And that goes in the fryer for abouttwominutes.
We're gonna fry all this and build a sandwich.
All right.
Then I put on the Daiya tapioca cheese.
Take a grilled bun.
This is our Eugenewich sauce that we made with our house-made barbecue sauce and vegan mayo.
And lettuce and tomato, our Southern-fried tofu patty and this is our carrot bacon. Interesting.
Our haystack onions, then we're gonna pair that with our home fries.
Here you go, Triple D vegan.
That's great.
It's got texture. It's got chew.
The barbecue sauce is out of bounds.
The haystack fries that makes it fly.
I don't get anything like, Ohh, that's tofu. [laughs] I mean, I would challenge anybody that says they don't like vegan food to try that and tell me that they don't dig it.
Nice job.
Thank you.
You got the crispiness of the tofu.
It has a sweetness to it. It has a smokiness.
So, this is Chef Preston, owns one of the best sushi restaurants that you'll find here in the Eugene area.
Tell me what you think Chef.
Texture is just crispy and perfect.
I can feel the owner's passion in the food.
Hot Thing, no veggies, and a Reuben, table 5.
Where did you learn to cook?
I learned to cook from my grandma.
Very nice. Grandma was vegan?
A vegetarian for 60-plus years.
No! Really? Yep.
That's awesome. Yep.
I got the frozen peanut butter pie. Oh, boy!
And it looks like dessert's also been handed down.
The frozen peanut butter pie is just awesome.
It's almost like a frozen peanut butter cup.
We're going to make our frozen peanut butter pie.
Got vegan cream cheese.
We'll beat that.
Creamy peanut butter here.
So, we're gonna alternate a few times between the soy milk and powdered sugar.
You want me to sprinkle?
Yeah.
All right, here's our vegan whipped cream.
Into the spring form pan.
I'm gonna drizzle chocolate sauce.
Do a little swirly Very cool.
Goes into the freezer fortwohours.
Peanut butter pie, Guy.
It's just a really excellent balance of flavor and texture, kind of a cross between a cheesecake and an ice cream pie.
That right there has a savory component to it, like with the peanuts.
Not overly sweet by any means.
It's awesome. It really is.
It's thick. It's rich.
It's a perfect combination of peanut butter and chocolate.
In fact, I would work here for free just to learn how to do what they do.
You could have named it Funkalicious. I'm very impressed.
Awesome job. Thank you.
Very proud of you.
So, that's it for this edition of Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. If you want to check out some of the recipes for the joints we visit
I'll be looking for you next time on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. That's good.
Whistling Uh, hey, Johnny?
I need the metal container with the flour in it for the table.
[laughter] JAMIE: I'm Jamie.
And I'm Bobby.
And we're on a road trip to find the best food the South has to offer.
Good cheers, brother.
In West Virginia, we find a barbecue joint that'll make you want to slap your mama.
Call my wife and tell her I ain't coming home.
A fried fish sandwich and a delicious strawberry pie with whipped cream.
Great day in the morning!
And it's not the South without chili dogs, y'all, fried green tomatoes, and creamy custard shakes.
And we can't leave West Virginia without hitting their world-famous white-water rapids.
Oh!
So y'all hop in for a ride on our Southern Fried Road Trip.
This is our master fat bacon fat and pickled pastrami fat.
get any more ridiculous.
Just baste it with fat.
Spread your glaze a little bit.
Baste a little bit more.
Dried sour cherries.
Nice call.
It's got to reduce all the way with some of our au jus.
It just reduced, so it's just gelatinized.
All right, cool. Are we ready to plate this thing? Let's go.
Rice.
The most careful part.
That's ridiculous.
Look at this, dude.
What a dish.
Yeah, give that a try.
We're gonna finish this with a little bit of cilantro on top, too.
Ohh, it's ridiculously good.
Tender, juicy meat.
Rich, well-rounded.
Oh, and when you get one of those cherries
That's got to be in the top three best goat dishes I've ever had. Amazing.
This guy's out-of-bounds!
The meat is literally melting off of the bone.
It's incredibly flavorful.
Oh, my gosh. It's delicious.
Intense but subtle. I could stick my head in it.
[laughs] This is the famous Nicky Sitnycky from John's on 12th.
Unfortunately, we lost your partner.
Mikey 2 Names. Yeah, Mikey 2 Names.
You guys were business partners for how many years?
Almost 41 years.
Great and very missed.
I had a blast making meatballs with him, cooking with him in the kitchen.
These meatballs are giving me trouble.
What's the story, Guy?
All right.
He's talking to the meatballs.
What do you think of this place?
Luscious, scrumptious.
This is all family here, just like John's.
Which means we're gonna stay a while.
When we come back
Julie, wings. Table 2.
we're tucking in to the Ducks' take on wings.
What you come up with is big, flavorful, unique styles.
Triple D is parked at Ducks Eatery on one of NYC's best streets for eats East 12th.
Here, Will Horowitz and his sister, Julie, are putting deep, worldly flavors into a backpacker's dream menu.
Even the chicken wing is definitely a thing.
Julie, wings. Table 2.
Had some jumbo chicken wings
Which were insane.
I've made a complete mess of myself just shoveling wings in my mouth.
We're gonna do some whole, smoked chicken wings.
Start off by just making our marinade.
We have some palm sugar, brown sugar, a little bit of white, northern Indian yellow curry, black pepper, a little bit more of that green cardamom, some fresh garlic, chopped shallots, lemongrass, Kaffir lime leaves, a whole load of cilantro stems.
I lost count at 40.
[laughs] dark soy sauce, apple-cider vinegar, fish sauce from Vietnam, a whole bunch of limes.
This has a real strong lime sort of flavor to the whole thing.
We're gonna get in there, try and mix it all around, let those flavors marry a little bit.
Whole chicken wings.
Yep.
We're gonna dump it right over here.
Just gonna pour on some water.
Let that sit and brine overnight.
We'll air-dry them a little bit, then we're gonna smoke them.
About 210, 225.
These guys have been in here r about four hours now.
Let them cool down, dry a little bit, then we'll hit them to the fryer.
Chill out for a bit.
This is our jerk sauce. Let it marry a little bit.
Crazy.
That's it. Simple.
I like when it's a big wing, 'cause you get the opportunity to leave all the juices inside.
So you get all that flavor left in there.
The way you guys say this smoker is complementing the brine and the sauce so well.
What you come up with is just really flavorful, big, unique style.
Awesome job, brother. Really.
What do you think of these wings?
There’s fruitiness, there's sweetness, there's peppery.
I love it.
The that shot my promo package when I got on The Next Food Network Star and helped start me and my whole career Neil Regan.
Huge mistake.
Both laugh It's just something that you really can't find anywhere else.
Awesome place, man. Great creativity, using old-school fundamentals, techniques, and methods.
Bringing out big flavor.
Killer. Thanks, brother.
Awesome job.
Coming up. You did what? we're headed to Miami, Florida
That is tender, porky, fall-apart-y.
for some authentic southern surf and turf.
This is the best of both worlds.
Awesome homes, really cool shops, and killer restaurants, like this joint Whisk.
Everything in here is just so fresh and so delicious.
Cornmeal-fried okra.
It's the southern, gourmet, low-country restaurant.
Shrimp and grits for you, sir.
And there's nothing like it in Miami.
Fried-green-tomato salad. Right on time.
And the man with the plan is Miami's own Chef Brendan Connor, whose academic pursuits led him to the Carolina low country for reasons other than food.
I heard there was a 7-1 girl-to-ratio at the College of Charleston.
And while he did earn a degree in history, he also got a killer education in some of Charleston's best joints.
And in 2011, he and his sister, Kristin, opened up this spot, serving up the low-country meals they grew up on.
My parents are great cooks, and my grandparents were even better cooks.
And we took a lot of what their basics were and refined them a little bit.
And he's even putting a twist on fresh seafood from the coast
? -+ kind of dish.
It's quite flavorful.
We're gonna start scoring and preparing this fish here.
We can use yellow tail. We can use red snapper.
Mm Lane snapper's what they had for us today.
First thing we do to prepare it is cut off the fins side and the bottom.
Next we are going to diamond-score so that it makes it easier for you to eat.
It also gets If we're gonna fry this, it's nice to be able to get in there with some of the crunch-a-taciousness.
That's an Uncle Bo right there.
Crunch-a-taciousness, indeed.
Yep.
Okay.
We want to make sure it can talk to you when it goes out onto the plate.
Naturally, a little bit of salt and pepper.
Dredge it lightly in corn starch.
Oh, nice and crunchy.
That's right.
Now we'll go to the fryer?
To the fryer we go.
Are we frying in anything special?
Peanut oil? 10-40? peanut oil.
Of course you do. You're a low-country kitchen.
You got to be running peanut oil. Always peanut oil.
So we've got our whole-fried fish ready to go, ready to hit the plate.
Got to take the skewer out of the mouth.
Epic.
And ready for a little bit of that low-country peanut sauce.
look at that.
I like to finish it off with some fresh cilantro right there in the pocket.
Oh.
Look at that.
That is awesome.
If you like fried fish but you like real fish flavor, whereas a lot of times, fried fish will kind of get lost using fish that doesn't have a lot of flavor, this is the best of both worlds.
The crunchy texture of the fried fish, all the flavor coming from the bones and the skin, really, it is the best of both worlds.
Outrageous, man. Killer dish. Thank you What's your favorite thing on the menu?
Snapper.
Is it? Hands down? Hands down.
Cooked to perfection. This is our second home.
I feel like I'm family whenever I come in the door.
'Cause comfort food's always been important for the Connor family.
Every time we'd go eat with our grandparent there were biscuits and gravy freshly made every morning, fried chicken that'll knock your socks off.
So he's re-creating that same feeling, even if it means doing things a little different.
We wanted to do ribs here.
We don't have a smoker, so we decided we'd braise them.
So this is what we came up with beer-braised baby-back ribs.
We started with this rub here powdered garlic, onion granulated oregano, chili powder, salt and pepper, and brown sugar.
Being from the south and the low-country cooking, I mean, what does your grandpa say about you not having a smoker for these ribs?
Southern accent You did what? He might be a little disappointed, but I think the final product he'd be all right with.
We get I a nice, meaty rib.
That's a big baby back. That's a big baby-back rib.
Now it's time to rub the ribs.
Make sure to apply this very liberally.
Now you're gonna let them marinate? Overnight.
When they're done marinating, we'll put them on a hot char grill with some salt and pepper to really caramelize the brown sugar on the meat.
Now that we've charred the ribs, we're gonna add some mirepoix to it, our beer, our veg stock
wrap it in plastic, then foil, and then we're ready to go to the oven.
What temp? 300 degrees.
For how long? Abouttwohours.
There you go. Steamy reveal for you, sir.
Nice.
That dark beer right on top of that out-of-bounds.
Good. All right, we'll hit the grill.
Take some of our molasses barbecue sauce, flipping it over.
Green onion. Now it's ready.
Look at that.
That is tender, porky, fall-apart-y.
I got to be honest.
I'm not a fan of braised ribs, typically.
This, however, with the dry rub that goes for the 24 hours really penetrating that flavor.
With the mirepoix, that dark beer, and hit with this molasses barbecue sauce
I got be honest, man, you have really done a great job.
Thank you.
Very tender. Falls off the bone.
It has, like, nothing wrong with it. It's just perfect.
He really pays food and makes it very special.
I have never been disappointed with anything I've ordered here.
This has the low-country attitude with the sophisticated approach to the presentation.
Thanks, man. Congratulations.
So I'm here in Eureka, California.
Now, that's like 20 miles north of my home town of Ferndale.
I'm here to check out a joint where this husband-and-wife team quit their big-shot corporate jobs to get into the restaurant business.
Crazy.
This is Café Nooner.
Pasta plate.
They always have an interesting mix of flavors.
The food is to die for.
Everything I've ever seen off the menu is amazing.
Lamb plate.
Love of food was the one thing Lorrena Filgas and her husband, Joe, did have.
A lot of experience?
Not so much.
So you guys have taken a gigantic leap of faith buying this.
You haven't been in the restaurant business.
No.
Temperature on that is medium, correct?
Yes, sir. All right.
What kind of food do you do here?
We do a Creole-Mediterranean fusion.
Creole-Mediterranean fusion?
Yeah.
Climates are the same in Greece and Louisiana.
Oh, yeah, that's how I was looking at it.
What makes their food here so delicious?
do a lot of local ingredients and a lot of organic ingredients.
That's an understatement.
Lorrena keeps it real by supporting over 17 different Humboldt County producers.
Always, year-round, they find a way to have fresh food, and it's fantastic.
Pulled pork with apple slaw.
Thank you. You're welcome.
Pulled pork, pulled pork
Did you just make a little song about that?
I did.
We are making Creole spice, and we use this to rub our pulled pork.
We use it in a couple of our own recipes.
It's really awesome stuff. Okay, fire it up.
Okay. It gets paprika.
Granulated onion.
Granulated garlic.
You're right on it. Cumin.
Thyme. A little thyme.
A little old bay.
Allspice. Allspice.
White pepper.
Black pepper. Black pepper.
Sea salt. I see it.
And a little cayenne.
Doctor. Thank you, sir.
So you'll use this interchangeably on a variety of the different proteins you work with.
Whoa! Yeah.
Okay. Pork butt.
Ii Basically, we're just gonna get this spice mix everywhere we can get it.
Flip it over because this is what's gonna make it taste good.
And then we'll do some Worcestershire.
Worcestershire-shire-shire.
A little liquid smoke. And last, but not least
A little Humboldt hot sauce, and this is a habanero-mango.
Wrap it in foil. What temp are we going at?
350 for five hours.
For five hours.
There you go.
Uh-oh.
[laughs] Are you there?
Yeah, someplace in here. [laughs] Okay, and then we're just gonna pull his the old-fashioned way.
Right in that juice.
Now we're gonna go to the flat top to get a little crust on it.

Put a little bit of our barbecue right on that.
Then we're gonna put a little barbecue sauce on this side.
And this has got his brown caramelization on there.
And then we dress it.
Is this really how big this thing is?
Yeah.
Gets a little pickle and a pepper on it.
Look at that.
That is ridiculous.
The liquid smoke, the dry rub, the Worcestershire, the Humboldt habanero hot sauce
all of that together That's some of the best out-of-the-oven pulled pork I've had.
You killed this. Ohh! Thank you.
I don't know how they make it crispy and tender at the same time. Love it.
The barbecue sauce is I honestly would like to take a bath in it.
This was my English teacher in my sophomore year of high school.
This is Mr. Pulitono.
A man with a mustache my size I need a stack of napkins to eat into this sandwich.
S how he sets it up vague at the beginning?
He's not really talking about the food.
He's just bringing you into the moment.
And then you dig in to the sandwich.
Mm-mm-mm-mm.
Ohh.
God, that's good stuff right there.
Good job. Really good job.
You're gonna love this.
So, that's it for this edition of Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. If you want to check out some of the recipes for the joints we visit.
I'll be looking for you next time on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. What do you do? Everybody makes pulled pork.
I'm a therapist. Yes, you are.
Tell me about your mom.
Oh, God, now you're therapisting me.
Therapisting you? Yes, I coined that word.
Time out.
Is that a real word therapisting?
No, it's not. Thank you very much.
I might just now bring my English teacher with me.
Hey, everybody, I'm Fieri, and we're rolling out look ' for America’s greatest diners, drive-ins and dives.
THIS TRIP. TAKE US FOR A RIDE.
It's all about the pubs and the grub.
that's awesome. yeah.
Got it.
I'm standing back for this.
ohh!
that's home from school, man.
you guys are serious.
Ripping off all my best lines.
Out of bounds, off the hook, shut the front door,
so now we start rubbing our chicken so it's all over.
That's it? that's it.
And how are we gonna cook this chicken?
We're gonna sear it.
Olive oil.
put a little crust on it, but we're not gonna cook it all the way off.
Now we add water and wait for it to bl.
So now we're gonna start with our sofrito.
We're gonna add oil.
Just wait for the oil to get a little warmer here.
green pepper, red pepper.
We add a little bit of olive oil here with garlic. garlic.
It's beautiful.
Now the comino.
Just gonna sweat these down, not caramelize them.
And then dump that in on top of the chicken?
Exactly.
Now we're adding tomato paste, oregano, annatto, chicken stock, and we'll wait for it to cook for 45 minutes.
Then we'll come back to it and we add a cooking wine.
sear it all together.
And then we'll cook it for 30 more minutes.
can you look at the smell?
Ok at the smell. look at the smell.
Look at the smell. the tony Montana hour.
imitating Tony Montana I TOLD YOU TO TELL Them look how beautiful right here.
We add our yellow rice how beautiful that looks, sweet plantains, and we are ready.
normal voice OHH.
You get the brine and the acid of the olive, and then you get the chicken the pan drippings, that sauce that 44 cooks in oh, outrageous.
Now if you grab a piece of sweet plantain
Blends it up real nice. it seals it, yeah.
oh, is that how you do it? the olive.
ohh.
the olives are the key, though.
That's what seals the deal.
that is money, seriously.
But we're just getting up to speed at 90 miles.
you're gonna love it.
at 90 miles Cuban café in Chicago, Illinois, they're going authentic with the sound, the move and definitely the flavors of Havana.
You just feel like you're going back in time and you're going to Cuba, and I feel like my grandparents, HOW THEY GREW UP AND HOW THEY ATE.
man THEY USE, UH, THE WORDS TASTE THE Forbidden because I think if you're not from Cuba, you can't go there.
You can't experience their food, their flavors, their spices.
you're gonna look the taste of forbidden.
Are you ready to taste are are you you you're gonna look the you're gonna look the taste of forbidden.
We're gonna make our puerco roast de asado roasted pork. roasted pork.
Cubans, we're very sweet, so we use everything sugarcane, and we give it a real nice sweet taste.
We add the prunes first.
oh, my god. you're gonna love
The bacon, ham off the bone, the sugar sugarcane,twoof those.
this is one of those things that we had in the backyard of my house, which is a guava tree.
This is the best part I love the fizzle of the malt.
it's sort of like a Guinness beer, but with no alcohol.
It does it tastes like flat Guinness.
A strong, prune-y root beer.
THAT'S A GREAT ADVERTISING.
Ooh, hey, you look thirsty and tired.
HOW ABOUT A STRONG, PRUNE-Y ROOT BEER? [laughing] bell dings so are we gonna purée this?
No, basically it's gonna go right in there.
We're just gonna rub that on the pork.
prune nuggets are gonna go on the pork.
EXACTLY. imitating Tony Moana NOW YOU'RE Talking to me, baby, AND THAT I LIKE. normal voice WHERE'S THE Pork butt? the pork butt let's go.
Say hello to my little friend.
AT'S WEIRD, OKAY? [laughing] Were gonna go right in here.
We don't want to go through, 'cause we want the juices you create some pockets so all these flavors are gonna get down in there. exactly. salt.
So we throw our beautiful rub right here.
This is about as far from a rub as I've ever seen. basically we're Cuban.
You know, we make up our own vocabulary here.
Look how beautiful it is.
We get the sour orange just to balance out sour orange is actually a fruit, and if you can't get sour orange, you can mix A LITTLE BIT OF ORANGE JUICE AND LEMON JUICE banana leaves we cover so we could so we could cook real exactly.
A little foil on top of that.
So get us a nice little tony Montana imitating Tony Montana NOW WE'RE GONNA Cook it.
normal voice THE PORK IS READY, It's been cooking for 5 hours at 350.
look at this.
That's perfection, my friend.
look at that.
This is all gonna get shredded, some of the juices incorporated. exactly.
throw it on the flattop, crisp up, rice and beans.
EXACTLY. WE'RE READY FOR PLATING. [whistles] Look at that. seriously?
We got the white rice. we got the plantains.
We got the beans right there.
The beans are my grandmother's recipe.
a little bit more on the sweet side.
But between the prunes and all the sugar and the caramelized onions, you  need this
And the beans to kind of parlay it all together.
That's when it really starts working.
Well, that's basically the key to Cuban food.
You have to mix everything.
You got to bring it together to fuse all those flavors.
Really nice dish. puerco roast de asado.
it's juicy. I like to eat it with the plantains.
man THE PORK HAS SO MANY COMPLEX FLAVORS.
You could build flavor upon flavor.
this makes you feel like you're in Cuba.
And I appreciate that you guys have, uh, introduced it to this greater Chicago area.
I feel very proud that we're able to do that.
So take us away with a little good-bye dance.
it goes like this.
90 miles, baby come try the forbidden dance.
cheering
You build it, and they will come.
Can I get a little, uh, john candy before we go? all right.
On some good old southern staples.
Quiet! Mom has a headache!
[trolley horn honking] OH, I DIG COMING DOWN To Memphis.
I mean, so much history, and some great triple d joints.
So I'm in an area called south main right by central station to check out a little hole-in-the-wall joint called Rizzo’s diner.
man WHEN YOU WALK IN OFF THE STREETS, YOU REALLY DON'T KNOW WH TO EXPECT. man Lobster pronto pup up.
Michael is a well-known chef around this city.
We've been following him around Memphis from, um, restaurant to restaurant.
he is our favorite. you mean Rizzo?
A nickname that followed Michael Patrick all the way from his hometown of Cleveland.
It's nice to follow him here to where we can share in a little piece of his dream.
Which involved opening a joint with his name on it in 2011.
Michael ORDER UP.
We're a casual upscale diner.
I take some traditional southern food and kind of jazz it up with a chef's interpretation.
Put 'em both up, please, like this.
Jazz hands. jazz hands.
There you go. that's jazzing it up.
But it's all rock 'n' roll with burgers straight from the neighborhood.
Michael BURGER G. E. ORDERED UP. THIS IS Patterson burger, which is named after the street.
Scallops with grits that's a twist on kind of a new Orleans traditional shrimp and grits.
Or his rendition of this down-home classic.
Meat loaf's up.
like your mom's meat loaf with a little kick.
woman THIS CHORIZO IN THIS MEAT LOAF GOOD.
did it make your hair stand up?
And I love his, uh, tomato gravy it's killer.
Chorizo meat loaf and this is Mexican chorizo.
Great flavor in it. well, get it going.
Well, I want to start sautéing the veggies first.
pp Gonna add a little olive oil to our skillet, we're not going super spicy.
Then we're gonna add onion.
We're gonna let 'em cook for a couple seconds, and now we're gonna deglaze with the Worcestershire sauce, and I'm gonna deglaze with a little of our house-made barbecue sauce sweeten it up a little bit. got it.
Pull it off. let it cool down. next up?
We'll start with 80/20 ground beef, ok farms, locally raised.
dude in this town is outrageous.
Add our chorizo and a little more garlic.
Okay.
Creole mustard, and the veggies we cooked off earlier we're gonna add them.
A couple eggs, and that's it for the wet ingredients.
Panko breadcrumbs. my favorite.
Japanese fine yeah, I love it. okay.
yeah, you want to hook me up?
Absolutely. ready? thank you. y.
I'm just gonna get in here and mix this up.
The same thing on the meatball theory shape the meat loaf for me.
Log o' meat. I'm gonna roll 'em in some foil.
As in such. uh-huh.
Pat it a little bit, and I'm gonna roll.
They go onto the sheet tray into the oven, 275 for about 45 minutes? yeah, 45 to an hour.
Can I get a little, uh, john candy before we go? all right.
There you go. now we're going to the oven.
Mm now we're making the green tomato gravy.
Yeah.
Turn this bad boy on. green tomatoes. okay.
Gonna add my wine, some shallots, some rosemary.
then we're gonna add some chicken stock.
Bring that up to a boil and let it reduce a sec, almost dry. yeah. now we're reduced down.
Now the crème.
tomatoes cook down.
Some of those natural heart flavors are dancing around in there.
like this WITH JAZZ [laughs] NICE.
It's a dinner show.
So now that the reduction is finished, remove the rosemary. and how much butter?
A whopping pound of butter to this.
we're gonna start adding the butter in.
This looks awesome.
Some salt and pepper, and that'll finish it off.
The green tomato gravy's done, meat loaf's out.
Sear this, get a nice little crispness to it.
I'm gonna drop it in.
Get that nice crusty sear I like to s in my meat loaf.
I'm gonna sauté some fresh vegetables to go along with it.
Snap peas, cherry tomatoes.
Now flip this bad boy over.
Salt and pepper, and I finish this in the oven.
Add these peas and tomatoes on here.
Grab the meat lo out.
I'll ladle some of this green tomato gravy over it.
That's all she wrote.
Get a little bit of that acid in there, so it's not just creamy gravy all the way.
Yeah.
That chorizo in there has its distinct flavor that it adds.
Then you get a completely blindside shot from this green tomato gravy.
that green tomato gravy's nuts.
thank you very much.
You build it, and they will come.
different movie, but you get the point.
meat loaf's up.
It's got all kinds of flavors in it.
It's not like just having a hamburger, you know?
It's amazing, and I'm addicted to it now.
really? so I come at least once a week, yeah.
YOU'VE SEEN THIS NEIGHBORHOOD Go through quite a bit, huh? a lot.
I mean, this has been a whole turnaround.
It's just wonderful what's happening in south main.
The perfect place for Rizzo to do a little reinvention himself.
Michael GOT ICE CREAM ON THE FRENCH TOAST.
Smoked duck tamale pie.
Lobster pronto pup.
It's sort of like healthy carnival food.
Lobster pronto pup. lobster pronto pups?
I wanted to take the pronto pup and jazz it up, as I said before. jazz it up.
wow, this is s a full floor show, isn't it?
All right, we're gonna start with some flour, the sugar.
We got dry mustard.
Salt and pepper, our cornstarch, an egg, and we're gonna add our milk, and we have some lemon-lime soda.
right, so we're airing this out.
We want to sweeten it up a little bit. okay.
Whisk all this together, and there's our batter. nice and creamy.
Yeah. tempura, pancake batter-ish consistency.
Our next step would be to do our lobster meat.
Five of 'em. okay, little slipper lobsters.
There you go one, two, three, four, five.
One, two, three, four.
Take this, split it all the way down, remove the meat.
It curls up pretty good when it when it blanches.
blanch with a little lemon.
Salt and pepper, you want? yes, sir.
this is just gonna go hot and fast all it needs is abouttwoto three minutes.
All right, so we're gonna remove the lobster.
Kind of like bobbing for apples. l right.
gonna rest in here, just absorb some of that moisture.
So now we're gonna skewer this meat, run it through here.
I want to get through the middle of it to get it nice and tight.
this is the real deal.
I mean, you're loading it up.
So now we're gonna batter the lobster pronto pup to fry.
Nice little coating.
Ohh, that's good.
When they're floating, I give 'em another, you know, all you really have to wait for on this is for that batter to brown up on the outside, because that slipper lobster is cooked all the way through. yes.
How are we looking? we're looking there.
A lobster corndog. only in Memphis.
lay these on, a little cross.
Then drizzle a little creole mustard aioli.
Okay.
Wow, that's hot.
Oh, look at this. mommy.
That was hot.
Wow, the lobster's super tender.
It's just delicate.
I mean, this isn't even tempura batter tender.
This is even lighter than that.
And there's a little bit of sweetness to it, but then you balance it out with the acidity, good stuff?
That is lobster corndog 101.
Nicely done. thank you very much.
woman IT IS LIKE HEAVEN ON A STICK.
The lobster's so sweet. it's just delicious.
he cares about his ingredients, and it comes through in his product no, I always called him Michael Patrick.
Michael p Michael Patrick?
Yes, sir. dude, I loved you in riverdance.
You were the bomb.
up next, we're headed to Annapolis, Maryland.
This is the real-deal locals joint.
You gave up that small music stint you had there, well, Jennifer Aniston dropped me.
And some killer barbecue.
Oh, you guys are running the tape?
almond milk protein showdown milk wins.
is the protein, less bathroom breaks.
[laughing] I have a new appreciation for Chevy.
They thought about me.
I could totally rock this.
This thing feels pretty boss.
It looks kind of open.
That's pretty cool. This is the jam.
Pretty bomb dude.
I'm here in Annapolis, Maryland, on Chester avenue, right over by back creek, and that's where they used to load in the oyster boats who would go out to the oyster beds.
NOW BACK IN THE '30s, THIS NAMED GEORGE Davis opens up this little grocery store.
He later turns the grocery store into kind of a lounge for the locals, and then adds a restaurant to it, and it continues on that way today.
This is the real deal locals joint.
This is Davis' pub.
It is classic pub food.
awesome burgers, good fries.
The steamed shrimp is great. really?
[laughs] YOU DON'T EAT 'EM, YOU JUST KISS 'Em? I do.
Crab cake coming over hot.
there's no place like Davis'.
No place. or d. pub, as we call it.
The d. pub, if you're on the in.
And being on the inside is exactly how kiyomi endo ended up owning the joint.
The fellow who owned it before myself just told me if I started working for him and helped him run the place, he'd sell me the business under the condition that if you are ever to sell it again, you sell it to someone else.
So pick anyone in the kitchen, pick one of the bartenders, so the next owner could end up being long-time chef Jon Mayer. crab dip.
Well, I've been here about a decade 11 years.
had there, AND HE'S MADE A CAREER SERVING FOOD THAT The pub's famous for,
Crab pretzel.
Ii the cheese and the real crab.
Or daily specials that are all over the map.
I get a text that the pork burrito is on the menu.
man THIS IS THE CHIPOTLE HABANERO BARBECUE Sandwich.
It's fantastic. let's go.
got a Boston pork butt there.
We're gonna take that and we're gonna make a rub for it.
The chipotle habanero barbecue sandwich.
brown sugar, salt, chili powder, we got some onion powder, old bay seasoning, paprika, black pepper, min, cayenne, and we're just gonna mix that up real nice.
Now we're just gonna lovingly massage this top of the meat.
We're gonna throw it in the walk-in, let it sit overnight.
Are we throwing this n?
we're gonna throw that in a smoker out back.
We're gone for about it's gonna give a nice tang. give it a try.
Here we go
pork's juicy, tender.
Oh, you guys are running tape?
It's got a nice little tang to it.
Not too hot.
It's on the-huh.
Nice Kaiser roll, grilled both sides very key and a good supporting slaw.
If this is our offerings in the barbecue world, you're doing well. well, thank you.
And the flavor of Annapolis, come to Davis' pub.
Kiyomi OUR SLOGAN OUT FRONT IS, UM, Where there are no strangers, there are no strangers, just strange people.
Ad trip, but don't worry, we got plenty more joints to find all over this country.
I'll be looking for you next time GIVE ME SOME MORE SCARFACE. imitating Tony Montana Tell me what to say, what to do.
laugh Hey, everybody, I'm Fieri, and we're rollin' out, lookin' for America’s greatest diners, drive-ins AND DIVES! THIS TRIP. AFRAID IT'S COMING MY Way.
YOU SHOULD BE WORRIED. [chuckles] It's all about finding real-deal flavor.
Hit it.
Wow! wow! wow!
gettin' all witch doctor on me.
[laughs] Kickin' back with the taste of Trinidad and Tobago.
Fire truck!
this is where it's gonna get cool ha ha!
this is this is this ahh!
And the pasta.
That's what they need to start selling.
pork-a-licious and in Austin, Texas,
It's 26 seats and 700 square feet, and it's rockin'.
Going big with scratch-made classics.
If you don't make a scratch-made biscuit here, you probably get run out of town. exactly.
I SAW THAT POSTER. [laughs] Yeah, okay.
That's all right here, right now
I'm here in Dallas, Texas, in a very well-known triple d area known as deep Ellum.
Now we were here a few years ago right across the street at a joint that's serving up great burgers with crazy names.
The boys from twisted root.
And right across the street, the new kid on the block, serving up Vera pizza napoletana, this is cane rosso!
Let's get ready to mangia margherita's down.
Best pizza in town.
Always fresh ingredients.
Delia, pick up!
jay has such a passion for Neapolitan pizza.
Firing the chef chazzo.
Yeah, that ain't no joke, 'cause owner and chef jay jerrier
I'm sorry.
Built an oven in his backyard, and got certified to sling Neapolitan pies.
And when he opened his own pizza joint in 2011, he named it after a long-lost friend.
Hungarian pointers, or vizslas, they have red fur, and cane rosso means red dog in Italian.
right now we have Gus and Delia,
Usually with chow-dah. with chow-dah.
simple, simple south county food.
Oh! you cook it in beef fat.
It's rich. it's light. a lot of clam flavor.
this is exceptional.
our base chowder now you have to dip your clam cakes in that.
Okay.
It's simply done and done to perfection I love it. thank you.
woman COMBO WITH CLEAR CHOWDER.
You pull apart the clam cake, dip it in the chowder, and you get to taste lots of clams and a ton of flavor.
and all that fresh clam flavor is what got 'em into business in the first place. bowl of plain.
My grandma was Carrie.
she and grandpa came down to dig clams.
She made chowder and clam cakes.
And the different fishermen would smell the chowder and clam cakes, and they were always coming by and saying, so grandpa picked up his ears.
He said, maybe there's something we can but clams weren't the only crowd-pleaser.
Turns out aunt Carrie was a bit of a baker,
Elsie ONE PIECE OF APPLE.
Serving up this original house favorite.
the biscuit is delicious.
I love it.
NOW WHAT ARE WE GONNA MAKE?
We're gonna make some shortcake biscuits for our strawberries.
we only sell 'em when they're seasonal here.
If you're gonna make it from scratch, I'm in.
little bit of baking powder.
Little bit? salt. and we're gonna mix that.
mechanical whirring IT'S A CLOSE RELATIVE Of chitty chitty bang bang isn't it?
Absolutely. and this is the fun part.
We're gonna add our shortening in little pieces at a time. very nice.
So you can turn that on again if you want.
Now we're gonna slowly add some cold milk.
Okay.
that's just to where it's starting to hold together.
it's pretty good okay now we're making biscuits.
I thought it always worked from this part? black black pants.
you already made me do the heavy lifting downstairs. black pants. black pants.
so we're gonna roll this out a little bit, we also have our pan here.
We're going to put a little spray on it.
okay. we have a biscuit cutter.
they're gonna be so good.
It's really hard to wait to get the strawberries on 'em, just by them self.
Are we gonna wash 'em? we use milk.
whole milk, yes.
about 22 minutes, right around here.
[whistles] AND THEN WE BUILD STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE.
Okay, we're gonna make the strawberry sauce.
Now the sauce.
the sauce would be not me, no. sauce.
no, I did not. no, no, no.
how about some sw-ace? that shut me up.
Warm water, some sugar mix that together.
Okay.
I'm gonna start adding some strawberries in here. so I got my simple syrup here.
The warm water is helping break down the strawberry a little bit.
You are mashing them, so it is building A LITTLE BIT OF A. mouthing word THE BEST Would be to do it the day before.
Yes, so it'd give it a little bit of time.
Now we make the whipped cream, and the whipped yes. homemade.
Ice-cold mixing bowl, makes it much fluffier ice-cold mixing bowl, very clean. dig it.
Heavy cream, sugar, little bit of vanilla extract.
Little bit of vanilla.
You ready for the biscuits? bring it.
ALL RIGHT. THERE WE GO.
it's like a scone almost.
A little bit of the strawberries.
I wondered why it was in a bowl. holy strawberries.
How much whipped cream do you like? seriously.
seriously, this is a normal portion?
Yes.
the biscuit itself is not sweet, and that's good, because everything else is super sweet.
you see this right here where I break into it, and that biscuit is withstanding all of the liquid?
You get that real strawberry flavor and the whipped cream.
It's like the perfect storm of textures and flavors.
it's outstanding.
oh, thank you.
Elsie STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE.
And your strawberry shortcake soup? is wonderful.
I've never seen strawberry shortcake look like that. you never have?
it's so good.
do I need to count clam cakes?
Carrie's is like an icon to Narragansett, and it's just fun to s that the place hasn't CHANGED. YOU GET A CHANCE TO COME DOWN Here a couple times in the summer.
you're down by the water.
If you're gonna have a clam cake, cook 'em with lard. tell my secret.
you're gonna love it.
COMING UP. woman GET IN THERE.
All right, but it's gonna be hot.
louis, Missouri, shaved duck?
excellent.
louis, Missouri, right down the street from a very well-known park called tower grove.
Now in this old neighborhood, this place, well, used to be a grocery store, and it turned to a restaurant.
And they say that they are barbecue, folk wow. think that's an interesting tag line?
Wait till you get a load of their name.
This is the shaved duck.
Table 12 we've got duck breast, creamed corn, meat loaf with mac n cheese.
It's really nice to s a real restaurant that's got real food.
Walnut-encrusted and a real weird sense of humor.
Shaved duck? you like it?
Just part of the charm
Waiting on the duck breast for table 12.
Who opened the joint back in '08.
Everything has a very nice, rich, oaky flavor.
Thanks to Kat kobylarek, duck breast, creamed corn.
AND THE PIT. woman IT TOOK US A WHILE To figure out what the heck they were serving in here.
I need you to get my meat and bacon on.
louis folks know all about.
but yet kind of different.
Like Kat’s take on cheese fries.
I never thought that you can improve on French fries, but they have done just that.
Oh, it is something I should have seen coming with pork butt and rib meat that all starts with a sweet rub.
All right, we're gonna start with our brown sugar, okay.
Granulated garlic, Hungarian paprika, allspice. a whole bunch of it.
A WHOLE BUNCH OF IT. coughs coughs coriander, cumin, okay.
so you worked this up.
This is the all-purpose super rub. yes.
All right, we're gonna rub it up.
You're pretty judicious with that there.
Yeah, it's gonna all mostly fall off.
AND THEN WE'RE GONNA DO OUR BUTT. [whistles] With the bone in? yes, bone-in.
So these are rubbed, ready to go. yes.
we'll take 'em out.
25% white oak.
I got my rack.
Awesome. all right.
Swap me.
All right, how long are we gonna let this go? ribs are gonna smoke for about five hours.
The butt's gonna smoke for, uh, about 16.
Our beautiful butts have been off the smoker.
We're gonna pull it.
Look at that.
nice smoke.
so we shred the butt.
Are we gonna pull the meat off this, too?
Yes, we are.
is it good luck. you' doing great. thanks.
All right, so we've got enough pork.
We're gonna get our ribs that you've already gotten messy.
I like that rub. thank you.
is that enough for the smothered?
Let me pull this last little bit.
let's make the cheese sauce. great.
So we're gone start with our heavy cream.
And then we've got our 2% milk.
We're gonna put our cheese in there.
What type of cheese? American, white American.
So we've got a little roux started. yep.
It's gonna thickens the meat to it.
we're not layering it.
crispy fries, hand-cut. hand-cut. hand-cut.
Mm all right. munchkin amount of salt.
And then we're gonna do a little bit of white cheddar cheese and some scallions.
Nice. voilà.
You know, when I walked into this place, I smelled the smoke, so I knew that it had a little bit of funk, but I didn't expect something like this.
that's killer.
It's not super heavy cheese.
It's a cheese sauce, which I like.
I mean, I'm telling you, the fries are crispy.
See, what I like is that you take something AT IS A GUILTY INDULGENCE, AND YOU DO IT The right way.
So if you're gonna do it, go big or go home.
Kat SMOTHERED FRIES. THANKS FOR THE FRIES.
fries galore.
It's got everything going for it, and decadent is the word for this.
You come to this place to kind of be here and hang out.
If the food wasn't good, people wouldn't come back in droves.
TOWER GROVE EAST IN ST. LOUIS, MISSOURI, Hanging out at shaved duck, and when you come back, we are gonna make some duck, finally.
GET THE DUCK OUT OF HERE. [laughs] Okay. oh, oh.
And if you're a local, you just call it the duck. it's in the middle of a neighborhood.
We're in a great spot in St. louis.
And we're off the beaten path, which is fun.
The beginning was a little bit difficult, unless you followed your nose.
They've got a big old smoker in the backyard.
So good.
WE'VE MADE SMOTHERED FRIES With the pulled meat from the pork butt and from the ribs.
Now finally we're gonna do duck.
We're gonna make this have a steam bath, so we're gonna pour some water in our pan.
Why are you standing on one foot?
I'm a flamingo. see the pink?
All right, so then we're gonna put the perforated pan on top of that so now we're taking it to the smoker.
How long are we gonna let this go?
3 To 4 hours at 220.
This is the sauce that's gonna go on top.
It's cherry juniper jam. it's delicious.
First we need to make the garni bouquet bay leaves, juniper berries, and mixed peppercorns.
Okay.
So we're gonna tie this little love pouch.
A little bit of white wine, water, red wine vinegar, sugar.
And some cherries. these are good.
all right, but it's gonna be hot.
[laughs] All right, little garni in there.
And we're gonna let this cook down for about 10, 15 minutes.
let the magic happen.
we're gonna render it down.
humming Ooh, that looks nice.
So I'm gonna go ahead and cut it.
Look at that. it's hot. ooh.
This is an order? yeah.
[whistles] ALL RIGHT.
mm Gorgeous.
A la shave a la duck.
GET THE DUCK OUT OF HERE. [laughs] Oh, oh.
That's righteous duck. it's not over smoked.
you still get the duck flavor.
Super tender.
Fat rendered down. crispy skin.
And the cherry juniper jam it's rich, but it's light and if you don't think you like duck, this this is duck to try.
You are the debut ante of delicious duck.
Smoked duck breast. ooh.
The duck itself is very tender.
It just really melts in your mouth.
It is an amazing gem. it really is.
Alistair EVERYONE THAT WORKS FOR THE RESTAURANT
Nails it. nails it.
They've made it the restaurant that it is.
They really have.
[Kat] HERE'S THOSE CHEESE FRIES.
If you were to say to somebody that i'm going to the shaved duck, people look at you cross-eyed?
It's good to have a place like this right around the corner.
We'll just keep it a secret. yeah.
UP NEXT. bell dings
I've never seen the Bruce lee cooking technique.
For an authentic taste of, you guessed it, Puebla, Mexico.
this is a body by chilaquiles.
A good host, is a good host
no matter where he's hosting.
Stella Artois Host Beautifully So here I am on the east side of Boston, one of my favorite places.
Now last couple times I was here, it was all Italian.
We're talking about rino's and Italian express pizzeria.
But like I said, this is like a virtual cornucopia of ethnic food.
What am I feeling like today?
You know it Mexican, here at Angela’s café.
it's the best Mexican in the city, hands down.
woman HERE'S A PEPIAN ROJO WITH CACTUS.
Everything it has so much flavor.
woman HERE'S YOUR MOLE POBLANO. THIS IS What real Mexican food is.
Just like they do it in Puebla, Mexico, the hometown of the Garcia family.
We have the restaurant business in our blood.
In your blood.
man PICK UP, GUYS. MOLE POBLANO CON POLLO.
So, of course, when Luis came to the states in '92, he started cooking right away.
A few years later, he asked his mom Angela to join him in bean town.
She's in the kitchen, mostly in the, you wait, wait wait wait, wait, wait.
You make your mom do the cooking?
My mom's been in the restaurant business for, like, 50 years.
So she's taught Luis to make all of his favorite childhood meals the right way.
My mother doesn't believe in canned stuff.
It has to be from scratch.
Down to the homemade tomatillo sauce on one of my all-time Mexican favorite Luis CHILAQUILES VERDES CON POLLO.
This is just amazing.
Chilaquiles. chilaquiles.
Oh, I love it. have you tried them before?
WHAT DO YOU THINK THIS IS? [laughs] This is a body by chilaquiles.
All right, good, good, good. come on, man.
What are we gonna make? the tomato sauce.
So the tomatillos usually have a nice paper skin on the outside of 'em.
Exactly.
Some jalapeño. jalapeño.
We're gonna boiltwojalapeños and the tomatillos?
Exactly. together.
we take the tomatillos and the jalapeños out the hot water. okay.
WOW. THERE YOU GO.
okay.
just between you and me, does your mom know you're using the blender?
She allows me to do that.
Shh. don't drag into this. garlic.
And then we're just ready to blend it.
so now what we're gonna do is obviously cook the sauce.
So we add a little bit of olive oil.
We have to strain the sauce.
And you've got to go like this. oh, oh.
This is part of the show.
I've never seen the Bruce l cooking technique.
Exactly.
We add a little bit of water. okay.
And then we add just a little salt. okay.
We have to add the epazote. I know epazote.
You can't find that very often.
Exactly.
Build the flavor.
Next step? we're gonna fry the tortillas.
and then we just put a little sauce in here, a little bit of chicken stock. okay.
Which you make yourself. of course you do.
Exactly. everything is homemade.
otherwise Angela gets upset.
So we just let it sit like that fortwominutes.
Okay.
And then we put the tortilla chips. yep.
They're still gonna have a little bit of crunch to 'em, just a little bit of texture.
Soak up that sauce right now.
So in the meantime, we're gonna start cooking the eggs. oh!
Do you like eggs? how do you want them?
No, but I'll be back.
Whatever you do, do not let them be runny.
All righty.
so over-hard, right?
Over there would be better. all right good.
that you're chila-killing me.
shredded chicken, and some fresh cheese. queso fresco.
Queso fresco. a little onions.
Avocado. refrito.
And the eggs. there you go, on the side.
Good man!
A little parsley. it's ready to serve.
Okay. enjoy.
Oh, man. that is awesome.
And you get some of that jalapeño bite right off the bat, but then you get this texture.
The tortilla's a little bit soft but still has some crunch.
And then you get a little of the acid from the tomatillo.
A little fresh onion.
The bite, the heat, the crunch, the cream, the chicken, the money.
Oh, I'm coming to get this tomorrow. wow.
It's fantastic. the flavors are unbelievable.
woman YOU REALLY CAN'T GET ANYTHING LIKE This around here.
It's incredibly satisfying from top to bottom.
It's this great little spot that you can come here Three times a day and get these great meals.
You come here. you eat here.
You leave. and you feel good and happy.
Breakfast, lunch, and dinner, I can't get enough of Angela’s.
Awesome. fantastic.
So that's it for this edition of diners, if you want to check out some of the recipes FOR THE JOINTS WE VISIT,
I'll be looking for you next time Luke, I am your father.
Come to the dark side.
[laughs] that's all, folks.
Hey, everybody, I'm Fieri, and we're rolling out looking for America’s greatest diners, drive-ins and dives.
THIS TRIP. SMELL THAT.
whoa.
FILLED. woman STUFFED PORK CHOP.
And fried. where's ==at been all my life?
hi, folks. how you doing tonight?
good food. good beer.
hot, creamy, it's delicious.
truffled cheesesteak empanadas.
On a Philadelphia classic. oh.
that right there is a world-class empanada.
it's just like nothing else.
good morning.
oh!
Into the French toast.
Wow. look at that.
lobster sandwich.
Enjoy your meal.
right on the pier.
Can't get any fresher than this.
For more than 80 years. fried ginger squid.
To find calamari that is that fresh great job, man. way to do it. thanks.
That's all right here, right now
I'm here in center city Philadelphia.
Now I don't know if you have ever been down here during the middle of the day, but parking's a little tough, so the Camaro’s around the corner.
I'm here to check out a joint that's in a building that's over 100 years old, and it's been a bar, get this, since prohibition.
I hear they have some mean libations, and the food's on point.
this is good dog.
it does look like a dive bar.
it's a little bit different.
Chicken tenders cordon bleu.
not hot dogs.
hi, folks, how you doin' tonight?
Loves dogs as much as she loves running this joint.
nothing goes on this menu before I taste it. quesadilla.
Almost everything's scratch-made? yes.
By chef Jessica O’Donnell. fries, three times.
like mac and
or, oh, yeah, just your basic pot pie.
bb hot, creamy it's delicious.
duck confit pot pie.
So we're gonna make a duck stock? yes, sir.
in the oven, pull 'em out. look at that.
any great stock it comes from the bone. put 'em in our pot.
Next thing is the mirepoix mm celery, carrots and onions, parsley stems.
Lot of flavor.
star anise.
bring it to a boil.
Reduce it to a simmer, ignore it for five hours.
then we're gonna strain it, strain it a second time now we're gonna have duck stock.
bring it back up to a boil in a different pot, season with some salt.
NOW WE CAN BLANCH THE VEGETABLES FOR THE Pot pie. first the onions.
Blanch in the duck stock. in the duck stock.
[whistles] NEXT THE CELERY, POTATOES AND Carrots.
next we're gonna make our roux.
butter, add my flour, whisk this.
Pour the duck stock into the roux a little bit at a time.
Really make sure that you incorporate it all in, or we get dumplings. there we go.
bring it to a boil again, let it reduce, so we get the proper consistency for our look at that.
nice, subtle duck flavor, you got it.
Quite a bit of salt. fresh cracked pepper.
Then we're gonna add a little bit of five spice. Chinese five spice.
in our blend, we have cinnamon, coriander, cloves, ginger and nutmeg. interesting.
I want I'll tell you what, we've got this ready ne step is to add all of our actual pot pie ingredients.
Shredded duck confit, shiitake mushroom roasted with a little bit of fresh thyme,
Oh, where's that been all my life?
all right, I'm gonna throw some parmesan, A little pecorino Romano.
How you doin' with that right there?
And we're gonna throw in some salt and pepper.
[whistles] WE'RE JUST GONNA MIX THIS RIGHT Up.
IT'S LIKE A WORKOUT. as Arnold Schwarzenegger You a champion.
You can do it, man. work out harder.
normal voice NOW YOU DUMP IT IN THE PAN, let it set up overnight. absolutely.
And why are we letting it set up?
If it's too hot, it's gonna fall apart.
fall apart when it gets on the grill.
We're gonna grill the mac and cheese? yep.
Okay. gonna throw a burger right down.
Okay. nice 80-20. never frozen?
we make every one of these by hand every day.
We'll throw on some bacon.
yes, sir.
it's gonna be nice and pliable.
and the buns are local?
throw that right on the grill.
Put some cheddar jack cheese on.
I'm gonna get, like, one of those road construction signs on my heart.
Look at this.
I've seen ridiculous in the burger world.
This might have toe a contender.
Mac attack.
Look at that goodness from the flattop.
I'm telling you what, pretty rockin' mac and cheese, bro.
Really good meat in the burger.
It's got good tooth to it, good chew, good texture, good fat.
The bun does a great part where it just kind of absorbs into all these flavors.
If you're gonna go for a big burger, putting mac and cheese on it is pretty gangster.
Go big or go home.
Or come here and go home big.
Table four, mac attack.
All right, hope we're hun'y.
I've had a lot of mac and cheese, but, uh, this takes the prize, best I've ever had.
THERE IS JUST SOMETHING ABOUT CUTE Girls eating big burgers, huh?
I'm gonna make a calendar.
Watch the burgers.
YOU MAKE THE CHIPS. YOU MAKE THE SLAW.
You make your sauces. you do all your mayos.
You're pretty much a scratch-made burger joint. pretty much. try hard.
Ii I'm impressed. give me a hug. thank you.
All right, that's what I'm talking about.
now he's in it to win it.
Up next, a road trip to Middletown, Rhode
Way to live on the edge.
dude, 'd go good with a cold three.
And putting an Asian spin on squid.
peanuts are in here.
I've been to Newport, Rhode island, a bunch of times, but to be honest, I've never visited the other two towns here on aquidneck island that's Portsmouth, and this is Middletown.
I mean, I want to go where the locals live, where the locals hang out, where the locals eat, like this joint fish market and restaurant, this is Anthony’s seafood.
ONE LOBSTER DINNER COMING UP.
Kung pao calamari.
The food is always good.
I just don't think you could get better seafood.
FULL-BLOWN WHOLESALE SEAFOOD SHOP, Retail seafood shop, and a restaurant. right.
Nice family business.
That goes all the way back to 1956, when Anthony bucolo started selling lobsters.
Now sons Michael and Steve and grandson Logan are all in the game.
They're, like, the best guys on earth.
on the fresh side.
do you know what you'd like?
Some salmon. you're the cook side.
Standard new England recipes.
One lobster roll. order up on the clam cakes.
and a local dish the bucolo family grew up with.
Stuffies, going in.
Clams, peppers, and then there's chourico in it inside a clam shell.
Quahog, local, out of Narragansett bay, to the east of us. that's a honker.
Let's get started.
In a medium-size pan, we're gonna put our quahog.
let's just steam 'em.
this is gonna go until they open, and it's the same principle, if they don't open, you don't use it. correct.
juice we're gonna strain, just to make sure any sand gets caught.
And that should be just enough water. wow.
Gonna brown everything else up.
We're gonna add the butter, red and green, um, cherry pepper, white onion, and already ground chourico smoked Portuguese sausage.
okay, so while we're cooking that down, we do the clams?
Anybody want to chug the clam water?
We're gonna reconstitute those croutons.
This is gonna make them tender.
This is also gonna become a serving plate.
Just gonna put 'em right back in this shell.
Really want to keep so you want to do it so you have some texture.
correct.twotrying to make paste.
And we're all browned off there.
Okay, we're gonna add the chopped quahog.
Brown that off.
'RE GONNA ADD A LITTLE FRESH PARSLEY.
Smells good.
We're gonna add the strained clam broth to the croutons to reconstitute them. awesome.
Add a little bread crumb, just so it's not too wet.
And we'll just incorporate it real good.
Enough already. can we put it in the shells?
I'm dying over here.
How many ounces? about 5. 5 ounces.
In the oven, 350.
All right. got a nice crust on 'em.
. em, one up. that's all she wrote.
The flavor's so rich in the chourico and in the quahog itself.
Hit it with some hot sauce there.
A big clam, and it's got big clam flavor.
Go good with a cold one.
Dude, it'd go good with a cold three.
Money. great recipe.
has a kick to 'em.
IT JUST HAS A LITTLE BIT OF SPICE From the chourico but it's still very good.
I love the fact that there's retail out front, and then you can come in here and get the same high quality seafood great fish and chips, or something as extreme as the kung pao calamari.
Kung pao calamari.
Never seen it before in another restaurant.
A little different spin the calamari.
what are we starting with?
All right. we are making kung pao sauce.
We're starting with our plum sauce. okay.
Here we have our garlic chili paste. sambal.
sesame oil, rice wine vinegar, white sesame seed, black sesame seed, and fresh cilantro, AND THEN I JUST WHIP THAT UP LITTLE BIT.
We're gonna put the water in all of it?
All of it. way to live on the edge.
That passes. What do we dredge it in?
We're gonna make that next. let's go.
Here we have a fine ground yellow flour.
We'll offset it with a little ''coarser ground yellow flour and just a little bit of baking powder.
Incorporate all that together.
This is gonna go to our breading station.
Okay.
Calamari.
You're gonna sit there and toss it right in there.
If they lose one, there's gonna be an issue.
we're digging around.
We'll find 'em. we got it.
very nice, excellent.
last minute, you throw some hot peppers in there.
Look at that. that's a lot of calamari.
Double order.
While we're here, I'm gonna add some peanuts for a little saltiness.
Our kung pao sauce we'll just put it in here d just a little scallion. beautiful plate.
ITALIAN PEPPERS.
Calamari is so tender.
You didn't kill it with the sauce it's not just covered in it, salty of the peanuts, all that tied together dynamite. really good. thank you.
go crazy on this.
The calamari is awesome.
It's fresh. it's not rubbery at all.
Peanuts in it. getting down with the peanuts.
Peanuts are in here.
I get this.
You can always count on it being as fresh as can be.
woman THIS IS WHAT THEY'RE ALL ABOUT HERE.
She's in the restaurant business, and she buys from these folks, we get to go then what else do you guys want from me?
All right.
I mean, that's about as legit as an offering as you can get.
for a spot on a ninja
This food, dawg, it ain't no joke.
Rockin' out a Filipino food fest.
you know, no matter where you go in the united states today, you can find food trucks of every shape, every size, and every ethnicity.
louis, Missouri, on the corner of, uh, somewhere and anywhere, food.
Flying pig, one inch punch.
It's kind of nice comfort food.
adobo and a calamansi cooler.
It's very hard to describe, because if you say, Filipino street food, they say, what is I said, you just have to come over to the it's unlike anything else in St. louis.
Provided by a couple of buddies who both bring something to the table.
woman THE OWNERS ARE BRIAN HARDESTY AND Joel Crespo.
Adobo and a calamansi cooler.
And Brian brings the culinary chops.
I'm plating a chicken adobo.
rustic, simple food.
So it only makes sense that they took their favorite kind of grub to the streets.
When I saw the new Filipino food truck was gonna open, I kinda started stalking 'em.
woman I WOULD GO DOWN THE STREET, Onto the highway to chase them.
And locals are developing what we'll call a healthy obsession for this dish.
Blue crab ceviche for carol.
This is just awesome.
we're gonna make blue crab ceviche.
Let's hit it. all right.
First is the blue crab. hence the name?
next up we got red onion, some scallions. we have, uh, palm vinegar.
Next we're doing a calamansi juice, which is native to the Philippines.
It's almost like a key lime, and it's got honey in it, too.
Oh, I wasn't expecting that.
I wasn’t expecting it to by syrupy.
You know, it doesn't taste bad, but, man, it was way more viscous than I thought it was gonna be.
okay, so next is black sesame oil, Paprika, sugar, some kosher salt, and then last is Thai chilies.
They're smokin' hot so we don't use a lot of 'em.
No, dot do that.
After the viscous orange syrup that I just
Then we just mix it together and let it marinate for about an hour, and then it's ready to serve.
This is an appetizer? this is served on tortillas?
Yeah.
we just cut slices of watermelon, and they're supposed to be treated like chips.
Supposed to be treated like chips, whoo a little spicy.
[speaking indistinctly] The crab is still in its lump state.
Come on.
The creative side of the whole thing is how well the watermelon pairs with it.
It's a nice counterbalance.
It's all spectrums of the flavor profile.
A citrus, vinegar, a little bit of sweet, a little bit of heat.
That's a little more sophisticated than I expect to find out of a food truck on the side of the road in St. louis, Missouri.
Bananas. and bananas is good.
The watermelon is just so unusual. it's marvelous.
It's a really great summery time dish, definitely in the top tier of food trucks in St. louis.
Yep, social Facebook, and cool graphics. exactly.
And a little street cred never hurts.
give me something.
this food, dawg, ain't no joke.
My man ain't kiddin', especially when it comes to one of my faves hand-rolled noodles and veggies, Filipino style.
Veggie pancit for Tim.
yeah, it's like Filipino pan-fried noodles.
Really? you're gonna make the noodles? yeah.
you guys have nothing else to do?
we like to make it hard on ourselves.
All right, so we're gonna roll out the pasta dough.
And this will be enough noodles for how long?
This amount is liketwoorders.
Roll it up, and then we cut the noodles.
And that's it. you make your own pasta.
And we cook it in chicken stock.
All right.
All right. now we're cooking with gas.
Olive oil in the pan, red chilies, and yellow jalapeños, scallions,
Snap peas, yellow squash.
I like the veggie selection.
A little baby bok. yep.
Whoo-hoo. and look at these beautiful noodles.
Made by hand, blanched, ice bath stop the cooking process, and now they go in? exactly.
Oh, look at that.
Chicken stock to reconstitute it, let those noodles soak it up.
And then some coconut milk.
Look at that, though. handmade noodle.
nice and al dente and tender.
It's a good-looking dish. ready to rock?
Yeah.
MM-HMM, mumbling The fresh crunchy veggies, warm 'em up, bring out their flavor.
The handmade pasta and I doctored mine up with a little fish sauce for that extra tang, and just a little bit of sriracha 'cause I like it spicy.
nice job.
Pancit.
The noodles and the veggies are nice and crisp.
It's kind of like what my grandmother used to make.
Calamansi cooler, one inch punch.
The boys at guerrilla street food are ready to quench your thirst.
One inch punch?
yeah, like Bruce lee, like, the one inch punch. huh?
Shut the front door.
It's pretty good. pretty good?
Marge You're Marge?
I'm sorta Marge.
louis, Missouri, I'm plating a chicken adobo.
hi, what can I get you?
Are serving their take on Filipino favorites.
Chicken adobo.
Veggie pancit.
There's something about it that makes my mouth water.
They're even mixing up mouthwatering drinks inspired by the kind of fruit cocktail one inch punch.
One inch punch?
Yeah, like Bruce lee, like, the one inch punch. huh?
So it's just pineapple ice, black currant juice.
Can't find that on the store every day.
No, we get it fresh when we can, BUT OTHERWISE WE GET IT ALREADY JUICED. HOY.
Sugar.
And then a little coconut milk and fresh mint. really?
the flavor will come out.
It'll steep in there, yeah.
punch Shut the front door. it's pretty good.
Pretty good?
wow, that's refreshing.
It's the pineapple, then you get the berry, a little creamy with the coconut milk.
And then you get the creaminess, get the richness of it. yeah.
I'm telling you something funky little chairs, sitting on the street, cars blowing by, you guys moving a million
Flying pig.
All that, and then wash it down with a little one inch punch.
sure there's not, like, four trucks behind you?
Gotta dig it. nice job, brother. thank you.
really well done.
So that's it for this flavor-town road trip, but don't you worry, there's plenty more joints all over this country.
I'LL BE LOOKING FOR YOU NEXT TIME my girl Rachael ray she gave you props about your burgers?
Yes. I got a hug on the show. a hug, really?
don't think you're getting that from me.
Hey, everybody, I'm Fieri, and we're looking for America's greatest diners, drive-ins, and dives.
This trip
You have got to make some sense of what's going on here.
it's a pair of dynamic duos.
Ooh.
In Denver, Colorado
Maybe it is gonna be a mile high. the triple-threat joint
That's a first.
for drinks, pizza
That's where the manhole cover from Flavortown comes from.
and bodacious biscuit.
Holy biscuit mania.
Then in Scottsdale, Arizona
[Imitates whirring] mom-and-pop spot
This is getting more odd as we go.
scratch-making their rendition of morning-time classics.
And say goodnight to Guy, 'cause he's gonna pass out in the car.
That's all right here, right now on Triple D
I'm here in the Bluebird district of Denver, Colorado Now, they call it that because right down there that's the Bluebird Theater that opened in 1913.
Anyhow, here to check out a place let's see it started as a bar.
Then they added in a pizza joint.
Then they added in a biscuit place.
So, now we've got ourselves Fat Suzy's, Denver Biscuit, all under the roof of the Atomic Cowboy.
Order up Franklin!
The Denver Biscuit Company is the place to come to in Denver for good food.
Order up Dahlia.
This is as good as any biscuit I ever had in Georgia.
Eggs and bacon this is my favorite biscuit.
Everything just tastes better in between a biscuit.
Like shrimp and grits and chicken pot pie. Biscuit-based everything.
This is the good stuff plain-out good food.
Yum. And it's a long way from the dive bar owner Drew Shader took over in '04.
When we started, we were a whiskey and PBR bar.
That was it. That was it.
But this South Florida native wanted a taste of home in the Mile High City, so he brought in his buddy, chef Jonathan Larsen.
So you're like biscuit badasses?
Yeah.
Like this hot mess of a barbecued pork sandwich.
And the Elmer.
Let's fire up some biscuits.
All-purpose flour first.
Some cake flour. We got buttermilk powder.
Really? Yeah. It just works.
And we got to grab the grater.
We have three of these This is Darth Grater?
Yeah.
Frozen butter.
Frozen butter.
I want to push. Okay, I'll hold.
Look at that.
It's like a butter cotton candy machine.
Yeah.
So that's it? For right now.
Now we're gonna add our buttermilk, yogurt, and some whole eggs.
It has to be incorporated for about a minute.
So we're gonna mix up the biscuits.
Now we're gonna just add a little bit
more flour.
It's about 2 of these cups. kind of varies.
That's it.
Mixture's out of the way. Now time to roll.
Time to roll. Look at that.
It's like a Sleep System pillow.
We cut it in half.
I'm going to just knead it.
So what have we got going here? are we gonna roll it again?
Yeah, we're just gonna get it kind of into a rectangle.
So we're just gonna keep rolling out.
You can s that butter still is right there.
We got to check it and make sure.
Ooh, yeah. Not very not yet.
It's the right consistency.
So you put a little brown on this.
it smells great.
garlic salt.
brown it on this side, do two or three batches of this.
in the same oil, WE'RE GONNA GO AHEAD AND BROWN SOME SHALLOTS.
'Cause there's all the flavor in the bottom of that pan. correct.
Garlic. little button mushrooms.
so you're just gonna put a little bit of heat on this and just let these mushrooms take on some of that flavor of the onions and garlic? correct.
I like then we'll throw our mixture in it, too.
It smells great. we start off with our flour.
Again, that'll help build that roux. correct.
And then parsley, thyme and just a couple of b leaves. of course.
Then we'll add red wine, beef broth and tomato sauce.
Okay, we're gonna stir this up, cover it up with foil.
Seal it off nice and tight in the oven, 350.
350 For about 3 hours or so.
Is the wabbit weady? it's ready.
Wow, did you see the action on that camera?
Let's s that again.
It's like the, octamer in the NFL.
He's on it.
Look at how deep and rich and brown that sauce is.
This a normal, uh, normal portion here?
Serving, yes.
Look at it. it just falls right off the bone.
I've been waiting to do this all day.
Are you kidding me?
I want you to think of tender, juicy chicken, but with more richness to it.
It's creamy. the gravy's fantastic.
I would have to say, that's up in the top five that I've ever had. right on.
You should think about getting this as a career.
woman WHO'S DOING OUR RABBIT TODAY?
It's really, really tender, falling off the bone and the gravy on top just adds icing on the cake.
you me here once, and you're hooked.
This is my second trip this week, and I'll be back Saturday night.
T steaks,tworoast leg of lamb.
You come in as strangers, you leave as family.
thanks, louis.
I had a great time, man. thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you.
beef tacos ready.
seven seas soup.
To head south to el Salvador.
Good stuff. dude.
Oh, my gosh, that’s good.
RAY I'd like to s more of the old Lady.
I'd like to see her go back to her more you know social side.
Maybe s if it's something that has an effect on her social side She literally started changing.
It was shocking. [laughs] The difference has been incredible. She's much more aware.
So here I am about a mile and a 1/2 east of the 405 on Venice boulevard, which is a major thoroughfare between the beaches and los Angeles.
Now on the right-hand side is a bunch of movie and television studios over there in culver city, and on the left-hand side, well, you name it, that's the suburbs, but it's home to a Mexican Salvadoran restaurant that's been owned and operated by the same family for 31 years.
This is Gloria’s cafe.
Fish is ready.
It's just absolutely magnificent food.
it's very authentic and amazing.
I had a dream when I came, how did you do it?
Well, I worked really hard.
fish tacos ready.
Because people didn't know about Salvadoran food? exactly.
back in 1995, I started serving Salvadoran food.
okay, senorita
From traditional pupusas made with masa and cheese?
woman CARNE ADOBADA Pork simmered in a tomatoey awesome spicy sauce.
IT'S JUST MADE TO BE EXACTLY WHERE THAT BONE IS.
Just cutting it around. all the pork in there.
Pork in there.
Now we're gonna marinate it. great.
Worcestershire sauce
a little hot sauce
Now we're gonna mix it up. all right.
so we put the onions on top.
WE LET IT MARINATE FOR OVERNIGHT.
For 24 hours, and then we pop it in the oven, 350 for about 4 hours till it just pulls apart. yeah.
Look at the deep, rich color.
Is that your wallet back there?
What?
Okay, now you take it, shred it in here.
Shred it in there.
and I make adobada sauce.
First you put pepper and onions, garlic, tomatoes and salt. okay.
We let it cook down.
Now we're gonna take that mixture and put it in here. yeah.
Now we're gonna add some de arbol chilies.
And a little ancho, roasted guajillo.
Is that good? yeah.
fresh garlic
one of my favorite hot sauces.
Worcestershire sauce. there we go.
Aa some granulated garlic, a little salt and then some Mexican oregano. ready?
That's good? yes.
Can I try it? of course.
That's fine, I'll take whoa.
I'll take it like that.
Now we're gonna take this, cook it.
We're gonna boil it. to reduce it?
The secret sauce for the adobada.
Apple cider, a little olive oil.
black pepper,
oregano.
That you're gonna grind up.
Oh, you're just gonna hit the hammer.
So now this is gonna go into the adobada sauce. yeah.
cook the pork ONE MORE TIME. Put it in the adobada sauce.
And then give it a squirt of the secret sauce.
That's what's gonna put it over the top.
Good to go?
This is a normal portion. oh, yeah.
and this is how we do it, huh?
Look at that.
wow. delicious.
that's right.
Yeah, that would be a very traditional way to eat it.
My favorite way to eat it would be like this.
Outstanding. the champion.
Carne adobada here.
woman MELTS ALMOST IN YOUR MOUTH.
And the outside is all nice and crunchy.
I love it.
man AMAZING. DID YOU JUST FLIP?
Yeah, pretty much. ready for table two.
Oh, there's so much here I can't live without.
Your enchilada plate, sir.
I love the Mexican food here. it's awesome.
I usually go for the carne asada tacos.
The chile relleno, it's like they went to a garden
The Mexicans great. that Salvadorans great.
I go for the Salvadoran, because it's really something special.
seven seas soup.
THAT GLORIA HAS BEEN MAKING SINCE SHE WAS 14.
It's my favorite dish on their menu.
Well, let's go. let's make it.
So a little bit of water.
there we go.
Bell peppers. green bell pepper.
fried the tomato.
Celery, then the carrots, fresh garlic, cumin
okay, now how long are we gonna let that cook?
For 40 minutes.
And then we're gonna put the shrimp shells.
Holy moly.
steep in water. uh-huh.
some onions
Okay, and a little salt.
about 20 minutes and then we'll add it to the soup.
so now we're gonna do the
and the squid
Calamaris and the shrimp go last, 'cause they'll overcook. because yes.
Okay. next we add the broth.
for one person.
[whistles] SIMMERS FOR ABOUT 25 MINUTES.
and then be simmered for one minute.
and serve in all this seafood.
We're gonna put some cilantro. this is it.
That is delicious.
Deep, deep flavor, really rich.
Oh, my gosh, that's good.
You will go nuts, I mean, literally, out of your mind coming to try this.
Nice big piece of crab.
It is so killer.
Take it away from there?
I'M OUT. man Seven SEAS SOUP Good stuff. dude.
man ONE OF MY FAVORITE PARTS OF IT IS JUST The broth.
It's just really rich. all right, folks.
the food's the best.
Cheese pupusas are ready.
Here we are.
This is the place to come.
I really appreciate that. thank you guy. thank you very much.
You gotta come meet her. incredible.
every single thing is made to order.
roman gnocchi.
For homemade chorizo done with dates.
I remember eating dates when I was a kid.
know how to uber flavor into ultra thin.
So here we are in the riverside area of Jacksonville, Florida, to visit a joint where the chef was born and raised in Spain.
Now notice he was about 16 years old, he's been cooking in his family's Spanish-style restaurants till he finally opened his own.
This is 13 gypsies.
Pork kebabs and peasant bread.
garlic mushrooms.
you can't top the tapas.
this is so good.
shrimp is almost ready.
The shrimp was delicious kind of spicy.
Angry bull.
old family favorites Howard kirk grew up with plating the pasta.
From family recipes that went way beyond his Spanish roots.
Taste the world without feeling like you left your living room.
YOU HAVE SOME ITALIAN INFLUENCE, Some Indian influence, some Spanish influence.
Chorizo.
The chorizo is just really fresh and delightful.
sautéed pears and Tunisian-spiced dates.
Of course.
I remember eating dates when I was a kid.
Give me the rundown.
ground pork, 80-20, sea salt, Spanish paprika, cayenne, so so far, the seasoning to meat ratio is about 50-50.
Yeah together.
We make it every day.
So it doesn't taste better by letting it set up?
We let it age at least 24 hours.
AND THEN HOW ARE WE GONNA COOK IT? FORM 'EM INTO Patties.
So those are ready to go? yep.
One of these things is not like the other ones.
One of these kids is doing their own thing.
Yeah, nice.
they take longer to cook. okay.
When they're getting a little color to them, then we would add our chorizo, then the Tunisian dates, some ground clove, ginger,
Cumin. yep.
Okay. and, uh, a little cayenne.
Now you have the chorizo going here.
it smells dynamite. so dates are done.
sautéed pears out of a bear of all things, too.
it's got a gangsta lean.
 hey.
And then everybody comes together on the plate. party time.
Now is this a traditional tapas menu item?
This is something you can definitely find in southern Spain.
so let's look at this chorizo.
that is delicious.
A little pork with a lot of flavor.
Nice recipe. then I want to try the pear.
The sweetness of that honey and the fruit flavor of the pear and here comes the funky one, the date.
darn, those dates are delicious.
Did I just give a triple d?
Being warmed up, having a little bit of a crunchy exterior and having some spice to it, it works incredibly well.
The highlight of the show definitely is that chorizo.
All right, fresh chorizo and pears. oh.
How's the chorizo? it's very good.
What I like is the combination of the sweet and the spiciness.
Enjoy.
IT'S ALWAYS GOOD. I LOVE THE FOOD. man There you go.
It's got a unique culinary point of view.
It kind of feels like an exploration.
the roman gnocchi.
Not your grandma's dumpling.
This is actually the first documented style of gnocchi.
Let's get it going. all right.
we slice our garlic fresh.
Every time you make this dish?
Add your milk. actually your milk.
 the whole milk? yep.
Is that my salt or your salt? that's my salt.
Slowly stir in the semolina flour.
And this is so we don't get clumpage. yeah.
when we start getting toward the end, then we just dump it all in.
My efforts at making this un-lumpo-licious, and he just goes and just dumps everybody in the pool.
I like how it just became you I'm doing all the stirring.
I could've had you do something that required de-blinging.
nice color out of that.
A whole lot of Parmesan cheese. all right.
That's it. you take it.
Yep. put it on the tray, flatten it out.
Yep. oh, my gosh.
He eat it right off the cookie sheet.
So we'll cool it down. yep.
Cut some squares out, stack it three high.
We just cut it in half into our rectangles, separate 'em and wrap 'em in wax per and then saran wrap.
And in the fridge and hold it until it gets ordered.
we have pans here.
AND YOU GET THREE PER ORDER.
It gets covered in a mushroom sauce, a little salt, lots of black pepper, fresh thyme. okay.
All right, we're gonna add our beef stock.
You make it yourself?
We do. sauce is reducing. add butter.
ooh, look at that.
we gotta get 'em off here onto a plate.
And then pour this over the top of the roman gnocchi.
Finish it off with a little asiago, provolone, Romano and Parmesan.
THERE YOU GO. [whistles] this is mega flavor.
Super creamy.
But because of the way you crisp it up, it reminds me of polenta.
The gravy that goes along with it is simple, yet, wow, that's a lot of flavor.
I don't think I've ever had anything like THIS. NICE JOB. woman ROMAN GNOCCHI.
woman A DIFFERENT KIND OF GNOCCHI Than I've ever had before delicious.
woman IT'S DEFINITELY A DIFFERENT TEXTURE, it's really good.
man THERE YOU GO. IT'S REAL FOOD. EVERYTHING Is handmade, from scratch.
Right down to one of my favorites
When we come back.
Pork-liciousness. there you go.
Gnocchi is ready.
I got it.
Chef and owner Howard kirk shrimp piri-piri.
every single thing is made to order. And totally from scratch, like fresh-baked
Every day, sometimes twice a day.
With one of my all-time favorites, home-cured tasso.
It tastes like spiced bacon.
We're gonna make ours out of, it looks like the loin. loin, yeah.
typically, it would be just cut off and chucked.
Just cut it a little bit thicker into the loin.
Leave some meat connected to the fat.
That's gonna be made into the tasso. yeah.
Okay, so what's the first step?
this is just a flat-out sugar-and-salt dry cure?
mat it on there.
Now this is gonna go in here, and how long are we gonna let this cure?
days under refrigeration, it's gonna start to pull out some of that moisture.
You have to babysit it both days.
You have to drain all the fluids out of it.
After draining it, you would re-massage the sugar and salt. then what happens?
Rinse it under cold water.
you CAN S HOW IT BECOMES A LOT MORE DENSE. It almost becomes a little bit dried out.
And now is gonna come the spice mixture.
This really draws out the balance
onion powder
and allspice.
get it all mixed up together.
Now how long is this gonna stay on the pork?
Three days.
So that goes back into a plastic bag.
It hangs out for another three days.
at this point, you just wipe it.
Just brush it off a little bit so it's not cakey and falling off. exactly.
Five days later? five days later.
so now we just take some thin slices of it.
you're a good slicer.
a quick sauté.
gotta hear the sizzle.
Okay, so this is just a little crisp on both sides? yep.
So almost treating this a little bit like bacon. yep.
This is a typical serving? yeah.
Like Niagara mouth right now.
Howard WE'RE GONNA PUT IT ON SOME PEASANT Bread.
so give it a little crust on both sides.
Yeah, make it nice and warm. add our tasso.
And that's all she wrote.
that's it, man.
It's pork meets jerky meets salami meets smoked salmon.
There's enough fat that it doesn't dry out in your mouth when you bite into it, a little bit of crunch on it, not overly salty.
And do you know why the bread goes so great with this?
Nice crust, real nice fresh flavor to it.
Pork-liciousness.
Excellent job, man. way to knock it out.
Thank you, thank you.
Tasso. crispy on the edges I enjoyed it.
The way they cook their meat down, it's just perfect.
Mm it's my favorite restaurant in Jacksonville.
Gnocchi's ready to flip.
It's a lot of work, but as soon as someone says, man, that was delicious, it's all worth it. that's what you're in this for.
THAt's what I'm in here for, yeah. I dig it.
I dig it but don't worry.
There's plenty more places to find all over the country.
I'll be looking for you next time that's a very good flavor,
that wasn't nice.
Hey, everybody, I'm Fieri, and we're rollin' out, lookin' for America's greatest diners, drive-ins and dives.
LOOK AT THAT. THIS TRIP
Should have made your taste-a-vision subscriptions.
Stacked, stuffed and loaded.
A new sensation for your taste buds.
moo-moo medium.
31 Different burgers. 31.
And puttin' on a show. pow!
pulled porks.
This is good.
food's just tremendous.
Cookin' it slow.
I didn't reinvent fast food.
All I did was just make it better.
Juicy, dripping goodness.
[whirring stops] OH, MY GOSH, DUDE! [laughs] Whoo! that'll eat a tattoo off, man.
You make sauce hotter than that?
This is nothing. children eat this.
baby voice MAMA.
[laughs] Put a tortilla on the flattop, throw some pork on there.
A little bit of our, uh, jerk sauce that we made earlier.
[sizzling] that pork that's been cooking in the jerk sauce.
I can smell the heat from here.
[laughs] SHREDDED CABBAGE. PICO.
queso fresco.
A little extra cilantro for you.
All right.
mouth full FORTUNATELY YOU COOKED THAT SAUCE Down a little bit, 'cause it's not as thermonuclear as I had anticipated.
That pork is super tender, has fantastic flavor.
I love how you married everything else together.
Between the pork, the jerk sauce, a little bit of that habañeros coming through.
now they're starting to come through more.
THEY'RE SHOWING UP. [laughs] mouth full I GOTTA TELL YOU, You could be in a taco truck competition with that.
Awesome. jerk pork tacos.
I am addicted to the tacos.
They don't even need to ask me anymore.
They know I want jerk pork tacos.
man SHAWN IS THE BEST OWNER.
He is an incredible chef, and he's a pirate.
Arr! did he say pirate?
He's got the full-on beard, the long hair, tattoos everywhere.
And the joint's full of booty, like full-size pirates, cannons, and even house-made rum.
Tell me about the pirate thing.
It's something I've always been infatuated with.
They had a pirate wedding.
You had a pirate wedding? you know it.
arr, you do!
cheering You're slightly scared of him, but I know he's awesome.
And since pirates stopped trolling AMERICAN RIVERS IN THE 1800s, Smalley has found a new way to wreak some
Things are spicy here? oh, yeah.
Bringing pain to the people with the sauce for his wings.
we've got mild, medium, hot, then we've got our other options.
You should try the triple six wings.
They're not Minnesota hot. they're hot hot.
Ahh!
Those hot dogs look good.
Oh yeah, Hebrew National.
Their all-beef like yours but they're also kosher.
So, not just any beef goes into it.
Oh, Honey!
at Smalley's Caribbean barbecue in still water, Minnesota, the jerk pork tacos have some zip.
And the chicken wings have some zing. whoo!
Super hot wings.
But owner Shawn smalley claims I haven't known real heat till I've tried his triple six wings.
triple six wings? you know it.
Huh. you guys think I should do this?
I'm down for the challenge.
I'm not gonna lie. it's gonna hurt. seriously?
I promise. why do you have this on the menu?
People for some reason want it. arr!
Put it on the table. and I'm scared.
this is the essence of all our peppers.
Ghost peppers, habañeros, scotch bonnets.
You take all of those and pour them into that?
Yeah. puree 'em, strain 'em.
Basically all the hot goes into here.
We call this our death juice.
have you ever had this?
I taste every batch, and then run around screaming like a little girl. it's that hot?
sighs LET'S DO IT.
Start with our death juice.
Oh, we're gonna concentrate it?
Oh, yeah.
Next we have some frank's red hot. for color?
Color, and I just kinda like the flavor it brings out.
Vinegar. homemade curry.
that way it's not just hot.
Gives it a little jazz to it, you know?
Some salt, some more pepper.
And now gasoline andtwoparts ether.
A little bit of sugar. all you can.
ghost peppers.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. in you go.
No. no one said anything about ghost peppers.
What's the scoville rating on ghost peppers?
Scoville units measure how a pepper's hot.
Jalapeño over here. scotch bonnet here.
GHOST PEPPER. taps Up there. this is not gonna be good.
Here we are. the serrano pepper is 23,000.
Tabasco sauce is 3,500.
Bhut jolokia chili this the one?
Yep. oh, that's awesome.
'Cause that's a rating of about 855,000 to 1. 4 million.
I think we need one more.
we just give it a stir, crank on the heat about an hour, reduce it down, and puree it.
whirs AND IT'S READY FOR SOME WINGS.
sizzling Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh!
Let's do some wings.
All right. this is it. yes.
The death juice. exactly.
the ghost peppers.
Oh. this is gonna be terrible. all right.
Dump that on there.
A little toss.
there they are! all right.
gah!
I can't even ahh, the vapors!
Ladies and gentlemen, I've brought in my buddies, my crew, the culinary gangsters.
So first let me introduce Dustin Rota, MESSERSCHMITT, AND REID. [laughter] Okay. everybody grab a wingy.
READY? [laughter] and murmuring Five, four, three, two, one, go.
Gotta eat the whole wing? oh, god.
coughing I'M LEAVIN'.
gasping OH, MY GOD! [laughter] How's this look?
YOU DIDN'T TELL US ABOUT THIS. [groans] Hey, you want me to blowtorch your face off?
[laughter] Indistinct conversations BLOWTORCH YOUR Face off real quick.
OH, MY GOD. [laughter] I'll drop in the most miserable HEY, MILK FOR SALE! [laughter] HES LACTOSE INTOLERANT. [laughter] continues I ate the whole wing.
Ahh!
I knew what I was getting myself into!
[laughter] Oh, god, it hurts all the way through.
[laughter] continues Triple six wings in the window.
It's probably the hottest thing I've ever had.
Your eyes start watering, your mouth feels on fire.
And the nose runs, too, a little bit.
Never, ever order the 666 wing here at smalley's pirate bar.
I'm losing feeling in my tongue.
slurring I'M GONNA SIGN OFF RIGHT NOW.
[laughter] DINERS, DRIVE-INS AND DIVES. you're gonna love this.
here we are, my hometown, Santa Monica, California.
Now triple d has been here a bunch of times I mean, hank's Creekside, willie bird's, cafe citti, Schellville grill, just to name a few.
But one of the questions you keep asking me is, guy, when are we gonna s one of your restaurants well, guess what. the day has finally come.
here we are, my first restaurant Johnny garlic's California pasta grill.
Buffalo at loaf. this is a very unique menu.
Cajun chicken fettuccine.
It's a mixture of so many different flavors.
Asian blended with Mexican blended with Italian blended with the Cajun.
Cajun chicken alfredo.
It's a diverse approach that I can say I definitely inherited.
This is my mom penny and my dad Jim.
[chuckles] THAT JOHNNY GARLIC'S GOT OFF THE Ground.
Matter of fact, they mortgaged their house right before they were ready to retire to open the restaurant.
SO WAS IT WORTH IT? [laughs] [laughs] ABSOLUTELY, GUY.
And you can find my mom and dad's influence this dish right here is a Johnny garlic's favorite.
And it was actually introduced to me by my mom penny, and she said, I've got this thing, onion, tortilla, and cake.
There's no way it was gonna taste good.
Well, I tried it. it was dynamite.
And this is my spin on it.
Presenting the grilled onion and garlic tortilla stack.
We're gonna caramelize some onions first.
And the key on this one is going low and slow and really letting those sugars develop and really bringing out that deep, rich color that you get when you caramelize the onions.
Sweat a little, we get the butter coating it, and w we're going to add some sugar to it.
Really expedite the caramelization process.
Keep on reducing.
We draw that residual sugar out of the onion that's in there.
We're gonna get 'em to a nice golden brown.
Next?
a little food lube.
Balsamic vinegar, cilantro, roasted garlic, parmesan cheese.
I know it's an odd combination of ingredients, but trust me, it works.
Now we're gonna add our onions.
Now comes the power tool.
whirring whirring stops Okay, this gat mixture guess where it goes next.
Between fantastic locally made flour tortillas.
A healthy portion here. spread it evenly.
We're gonna make 12 layers of this.
But I will tell you what you'll never find it anywhere else like this.
Are you done with this already, betty Crocker?
if it's not perfect, I DON'T WANT IT OUT OF MY KITCHEN. [laughing] We can't just make it, cut it, and go to the grill.
It takes some time to actually set up.
Let 'em set up overnight.
Let it kind of congeal together, take it out, slice it, grill it both sides, a little crosshatch, then finish it in the oven.
now the dipping sauce is the same mixture that we put inside when it's cool.
Give it a little dunk.
mouth full THE TEXTURE'S DYNAMITE.
The flavor is huge.
Great handmade tortillas. smokiness, crispy.
It's all about the caramelized onions.
It's just an explosion of flavor.
They always have something a little bit different from the norm. I mean, come on.
When it comes to one of my places, would you expect anything else?
Foods run into each other here in a great way.
It's definitely full of flavor.
Just like it's been since I opened the joint with my business partner Steve Gruber in 1996.
We would train the staff on how to cook and how to serve tables, and then eat at night
We'd do construction all night long, get up in the morning, and back on food development.
The idea was always really fresh food, contemporary food.
And that no-holds-barred attitude has led to dishes like salmon cooked on a cedar plank with jalapeños and apricot preserves, baby-back ribs with a cherry barbecue sauce, and this righteous mixture of Asian and Mexican fusion.
Order in sashimi won tacos.
It's a cross between, uh, sushi and Mexican.
I kind of began the invention of this recipe with my buddy Sammy Hagar in this kitchen, but Michael is gonna walk us through it.
We're gonna start off with ahi tuna.
This is sushi-grade ahi? yes, it is.
The key is to slice it thin, and not too thin, because we don't wanna bruise it, we don't wanna beat it up.
Now we're ready for our salsa.
Start out with jicama.
So jicama's got that really nice crunch to it.
I don't think it gets utilized enough.
People are kinda scared of what this this crazy radish is.
Beautiful, fresh mango.
Firm flesh. it's gonna burst with flavor.
Red onion. cilantro. Asian sweet chili sauce.
jalapeño we wanna give it a little bite, a little pepper.
salt pulls out a little bit of the moisture, pulls out a little bit of the flavor, and you'll mix some of that with the ahi.
just kinda mixing it up, letting the flavors marry a little bit.
what were gonna do is let this sit.
Gonna let it gather the flavors.
Then we're gonna take our wontons.
These are thin. we don't wanna overdo them.
Out 15 seconds, and we’ll be ready to go.
And we're done. look at that.
Nice and golden brown. let em drain off here.
While these are cooling down, we're gonna go ahead and make the wasabi cream sauce.
Heavy cream. love this.
Salt, sugar, lemon juice, rice vinegar.
So a little acid component, a little sugar component, salt component, getting all the flavor proles, and now this right here this is the kicker.
This is the heat component.
Wasabi powder. sour cream to tighten it up.
Then the whisking starts.
The key is to whisk this up and let these flavors marry together.
Fresh pea shoots, just like you love.
We get 'em in daily.
Gonna hit this with a little eel sauce.
Eel sauce is really crazy.
You're kinda thinking about of a thick, sticky soy sauce.
Gonna fill these tacos up.
The wasabi cream on there that we just made.
touch 'em with eel sauce one more time.
And the final touch wasabi microgreens.
as you know, guy, double gold medal winner, Sonoma county harvest fair.
crunching mouth full THE CRUNCHY SHELL, THE FRESH Ahi, and it's got such a nice, big, bright flavor with the wasabi.
And then the crunchy veg hands down, one of my favorite appetizers here, man.
Sashimi won tacos there for you.
it's definitely unusual.
The wasabi sauce and the eel sauce give it a nice little kick.
I get this all the time. I love it.
Jim AND WE DON'T HAVE TO PAY.
It's easy to get a nice compliment about your food when they don't have to pay! yeah!
[laughs]
Hey, batter, batter. swing, batter.
This is a trick I'm gonna use, dude.
Is serving up so new standards.
Don't worry about this petite dancer's figure.
[laughs] I can go big when it’s chicken and dumpling time.
To Steady Betty. II To Steady Betty.
Fire it up!
I'm about 20 minutes south of Norfolk, Virginia, in a town called Portsmouth or p-town, as the locals call it to check out an old-school hot dog joint.
Now this used to be the hangout for the local high school.
But the local high school closed about 20 years ago.
Guess what. it's still the local hangout.
welcome to Harvey’s hot dogs.
One foot-long all the way cheese and kraut.
The food is so delicious.
Large barbecue with slaw.
I like the menu here 'cause it's got hot dogs, hamburgers, barbecue.
One large bean chili, pick up.
Now the original Harvey’s has been serving up hot dogs since 1976.
But when Richie and Michelle wood bought it in 2010, they dubbed it part deux
You need a large chicken and dumpling, Shauna?
That southern boy Jim pate grew up on.
Irish accent WHERE YOU FROM, JIMMY?
Carolina, originally.
normal voice NORTH CAROLINA? AH.
I guess when you're from north Carolina, you call it Carolina, and then everybody else is supposed to call themselves southern Carolina? that's it.
Chicken and dumplings.
If you think your mom made good chicken and dumpling, WA TILL YOU TRY THIS.
That's a call-out to moms across the country.
man WOW. THIS IS GOOD.
So give me the rundown on your chicken and dumplings. okay.
Start with, uh, flour. I'll go a little oregano.
a little thyme action.
Black pepper. a little salt.
And now we'll add the chicken stock.
So you're n only gonna be putting these dumplings into chicken stock, but you're gonna actually make the dumpling itself with that broth, so it's pretty yes.
It's chicken on chicken. these a big hit?
I make probably 2 or 3 gallons of it, you might as well call this Harvey’s house of chicken and dumplings.
[laughs] A little bench flour. there you go.
Hey, batter, batter. swing, batter.
Cutting these guys like this.
You line 'em up like that. right.
Pop that in the freezer. uh-huh.
And then the next day it's way easier to take that frozen piece, pop it off, and throw it right in, instead of all this goo.
And that's how we roll? yes.
Let's make some stock.
HIT IT.
Go in with this.
Boil this chicken, let it cool, and we're gonna shred it.
Okay.
THE FROZEN DUMPLING BATTER This is a trick I'm gonna use, dude.
tap 'em off and throw 'em on in.
We're gonna boil 'em for about 30, 45 minutes.
So these start cooking, you put those on the back, and then start the soup on the front? yeah.
Start with a little butter.
Carrots first 'cause they take longer.
Celery. yeah.
A little onion. onion!
What I'll do next is I'll make my roux right in the pot. a little roux on it. okay.
And I thought you were just a hot dog guy.
[laughs] Stock. teamwork.
A little heavy whip.
Slow simmer maybe 20, 30 minutes, get it nice and hot and thick finished.
The chicken soup is done. yeah.
Now we pull the dumplings. yes.
Aa strain these bad boys out.
lookin' good.
Now you go with the chicken. white and dark.
Yes.
Ah, it's nice and hearty.
Now we serve it up.
Don't worry about this petite dancer's figure.
[laughs] I can go big when it's chicken and dumpling time.
Go right here.

it's not all shredded.
Veggies cooked down right into the sauce.
got a little tenderness to it.
You get a little bit of the thyme coming through that dumpling.
Awesome job.
Chicken and dumplings, pick up.
They're homemade. the broth is rich, flavorful.
Dawn, I got a pick-up!
My husband and I come here six days a week, and we would come seven if they were open.
[laughs] Have place like this, dude an old-school place where you just show up it's been here 35 years-plus.
Good stuff, man. thanks. thanks, guy.
Appreciate it. good job.
When it snaps, you know it's good. eat up.
So that's it for this edition if you want to check out some of the recipes FROM THE JOINTS WE VISIT, GO TO foodnetwork. com.
I'll be looking for you next time ON DINERS, DRIVE-IN SAND DIVES. [inhales] I ATE THE WHOLE WING.
It went all the way inside, all the way down to my stomach.
IT'S HERE RIGHT NOW. inhales
IT'S LIKE A OH, GOD, IT'S HOT. [laughter] Hey, everybody, I'm Fieri, and we're rolling out, looking for America’s greatest diners, drive-ins and dives.
THIS TRIP. woman NOW WE'RE GONNA Break down the pork loin.
This is offered in a sandwich? well, yeah.
You bet.
salty potato balls.
They soak 'em in brine. they're delicious.
26, please.
THE '30s-ERA DRUGSTORE. TACOS.
you knocked that one out.
whoa! really good.
the food is out of this world.
best-kept secret.
pork sandwich.
That's Christmas in a sandwich.
can I get a horsey in Chicago?
no guts, no glory.
most fun place for a hot dog.
Couldn't wait to show me. this is the best.
This is the best I've ever had.
'Cause I made it.
That's all right here right now
Closed Captions provided by Scripps Networks, Llc.
Captioned by Closed Captioning Services, Inc.
now you know on triple d, I am a big fan of the pacific northwest, so it's always great to be back here.
This time we're rolling through Spokane in an old-school area known as Browne’s addition to check out a joint that's got kind of an eclectic spin on traditional pub food.
This is the elk public house.
The mushroom sacchetti. the food is fantastic.
this pub does it a little bit different.
Yum! it's a mainstay.
everyone will drive from all around to get here. thank you.
To scarf down what owner brad fosseen is cranking out.
Quesadilla going in the window.
We're just trying to make everything like if you made it at home.
Same way he's been doing it here for over perfect.
SINCE HE SET UP SHOP IN A 1930s-ERA PHARMACY.
It's good.
it's ready even the basics like the Reuben.
Amazing. best Reuben in town.
The sauerkraut that they put on it, they make it fresh here.
The meat just, ahh, melted in my mouth.
all right, perfect.
We just take the corned beef.
This a pre-brined corned beef. yes, sir.
pour some beer on top of it.
For the Reuben, we go a little traditional this is completely untraditional.
With beer? right.
Yeah. well, works for me.
Peppercorns. peppercorns and bay leaf.
that's coriander and then a little caraway.
And then I just get in there and spread it all around, how many times do you make this a week?
Mm 20 times. seriously?
Yeah wrap it up, in the oven, 350, 3 1/2 to 4 hours.
Yeah. dig it.
we're gonna make some sauerkraut for the Reuben.
put it all in the pot.
So then we have some blackthorn cider, malt vinegar.
yeah, 'cause the blackthorn gives it most of its flavor.
Black pepper, salt.
Stir all that up. pop it on the stove.
Steam it an hour and 15 until it's nice and simmered.
this is all ready, nice and steamed up that's really nice.
Now we're gonna pull the corned beef out of the oven THAT'S BEEN IN THERE FOR A WHILE. [whistles] you could have done that with a drumstick.
Look at that, man. oh, I don't know? hot?
You think?
I'm not scared of you.
Oh, dude. delicious. good.
A step up our rye bread a little bit.
Put a nice little pile of meat on there, kraut on.
Chop that up a little bit. pile this up.
let it steam for a minute. he just lid it up.
Aa while that's steaming, get a little thousand island.
We made our own straight up mayonnaise, ketchup, sweet pickles, and a little salt, nothing too crazy.
LITTLE BIT HEAVY ON THAT. HURRY UP AND SERVE The sandwich before I eat all the corned beef on the table.
I think that's ready to roll there.
I hold the sandwich, nice and steamed up.
look at that.
killer.
The corned beef is super tender, great flavor, enormous flavor.
Nice big slices of dark rye, toast the bread without the butter, I love it.
The nice helping of the thousand island.

But the kicker, the sauerkraut
Because if he does what I think he's gonna do, you'll get a kick out of this. Cut the back end.
Now, see. And press it, stretch This kind of elongates the shrimp and makes it more presentable, and the shrimp doesn't curl up when you put the tempura batter.
Nicely done. Thank you.
All right, tempura batter.
Tempura batter ice-cold water.
Add the yolk to it, and
Whoa, water!
Nothing like a little water on a hot summer day.
Tapping Mix it with the tempura flour.
Tempura flour, okay. Yes.
You gonna dredge your shrimp first?
Yes. Okay.
These pans that you have here, what's the story?
They're copper pans, they retain the heat much better than what you get from a stainless-steel pan.
But this is, again, doing it a traditional way and not dropping them into a fryer?
That's right. Dig it.
Now we're gonna make nabeyaki udon.
What's nabeyaki mean?
Nabe first of the pot that we use.
Okay. Yes. Udon is udon.
Yes, yes.twoit.
We're gonna add the dashi that we made earlier.
It's a fish stock. Just a little bit of mirin.
So, this is made to order each time?
Yes. This is Higashimaru is a light soy sauce; kombu, and a little a salt.
And once it starts to boil, we're gonna add bonito flakes.
[whistles] That's a lot.
We're gonna strain this into our nabe.
And it just goes clear liquid? Got it.
And we're gonna add our udon now.
Chicken, fresh shiitake mushrooms.
Normally, I would put them in right now.
Coughs Would you care for an egg?
No egg, thank you. Thank you.
Fish cake, spinach, some green onions.
And it gets served in this screaming-hot bowl?
Yes. And the tempura shrimp.
Great. There you go.
Oh, my gosh!
That broth is outrageous.
It is prepared perfectly.
mm I mean, that's that's the way you do it.
tempura nice and light.
Not over-battered.
Slurping [chuckles] That didn't just happen, did it?
You're making it from scratch, treating it with respect, and just the whole presentation, all these components well done. Thank you.
Nabeyaki udon. Oh, man, that looks good.
I love it. I absolutely love it.
Here's pocket aces for you guys.
I actually grew up in Japan, so a lot of the food here is really comparable to the food that I eat back at home.
It's my buddy Mario from the world-famous Four Kegs.
What do you think makes it so great?
They're just wonderful. They take care of the customers.
It's like family when you walk in, and that's what we like.
This is what you call hometown Las Vegas, and there is nothing better Osaka's.
It is old school. This is old Vegas, and it's got all the feelings, and your Chef John is fantastic.
The food was dynamite. Glad you guys came.
Awesome, brother. Thanks.
Coming up, we’re staying in Vegas
Let's get after this.
for an Asian-American diner
You have an eclectic mix.
putting a flavorful twist on traditional comfort.
That is a bomb grilled cheese.
So, I think everybody knows by now, I went to college here in Las Vegas, and I'm about a 1/2 mile off The Strip.
Now, I drove by this place a million times, never stopped in here it's called the Eureka Casino, d, boy, did I miss out.
This is the home of Fat Choy Asian American Fare.
[sizzling] I have your sesame noodles re for you.
Looks like a diner but tastes like it's gourmet.
One Fat Choy burger!
If I was ever in the hospital, I'd want someone to sneak this in to me.
Chicken teriyaki rice. Sheridan's an amazing chef.
That'd be Sheridan Su, who worked at kitchens from New York to Los Angeles before rolling the dice in Vegas in 2011.
They started off as a food truck.
And then he had a little kiosk that was in the middle of a beauty salon, and now he's got a full kitchen and a full restaurant.
One Pork Belly Bao!
I typically gettwoorders of the Pork Belly Bao.
A Chinese steamed bun with marinated pork belly total goodness.
Air rushing So, this is how loud it's gonna be the whole time?
We're in a wind tunnel! What are we making? !
We're making Pork Belly Bao! All right, man, get into it.
We're gonna start with a marinade 2 cups of soy sauce.
There we go. 4 cups of water.
And brown sugar. Garlic powder and green onion.
There we go. So, let that simmer down?
Yes. I said, Let it simmer down! We're gonna pour it right on top of the pork.
You have to let it cool down or you're gonna poach it Yes. And then I'll cover it.
Now, this will marinate for 24 hours, then go in the oven?
For three hours, 300 degrees.
And then what's going on here with the pork?
The pork we'll put a pan over it just to compress it.
So, we'll put it into our fridge overnight.
And from here, we'll take the pans out.
So, we'll take this by out, right onto the cutting board, where I'll just trim off the edges.
Got it. Cut them into nice blocks.
So, we'll sear that off in a pan?
Yes. Brown it on both sides.
All right, now, what are we doing?
Now we're gonna chop the preserved mustard greens.
Okay.
We're gonna go ahead and sauté them.
Got it.
So, first, the oil, garlic, onion.
And in goes the mustard green.
[sizzling] And a little
Sweet soy sauce.
And how long are you gonna let that sauté down?
About three minutes.
Okay. We have our steamed buns.
We're gonna open the bao.
First, it goes hoisin sauce.
Thai roll. Put the pork belly right on top.
On top of that, gets preserved mustard greens.
And add crushed peanuts.
And then finally cilantro right on top of that.
And this is one of the number-one sellers?
Yes.
That's it the Pork Belly Bao.
And that's all she wrote, okay. Let's get after this.
Great steamed bun nice, tender, nice and light.
The pork is tender It's sweet.
I like the counterbalance with the mustard green really good, man. Awesome.
Muffled I feel you.
Nice.
All right, Pork Belly Bao.
Luscious and delicious and outstanding and sighs
It's like the ultimate slider, right?
's like supersized bacon. It's pretty cool.
Blt!
Sheridan's made a reputation of taking American food and giving a little Asian twist to it.
Short-rib grilled cheese!
The short-rib grilled-cheese sandwich is a great example of that.
Short-rib grilled cheese?
Yes. In an Asian bistro?
In an Asian bistro.
When we started this restaurant, it was a diner, so we kept a lot of the diner dishes, and we threw in a lot of Asian twists to it.
Okay, so, we're gonna trim this down.
So, we're gonna take all the fat and some of the skin off, and then we're gonna cut it right through the bone.
Oh, this is on the bone, too? Great.
And we're gonna give this a nice sear till it's brown on all sides.
[sizzling] So, after the short ribs are done browning, we're gonna put it right into the pan.
A lot of work for a grilled cheese.
On top of that, we're gonna put our marinade.
Okay. Let's start with Cola.
Really? It's my grandma's secret.
No, I got it. And add rice wine.
Soy sauce.
A little bit of water, and add ginger.
Garlic and green onions.
So, we're gonna let that braise for three hours, 300 degrees, till it falls off the bone.
I mean, that's done.
Nice. Okay.
We're gonna start with the onion ja A little bit of oil. We're going with the red onions.
We'll add a little bit of honey to help it caramelize.
And add a little bit of brown sugar.
Whoa!
Give that a stir. A little red wine.
And we'll finish it with balsamic vinegar.
Another one of those famous Asian ingredients.
[chuckles] Some black pepper and salt.
That'll be the onion jam going for the grilled cheese we're having at the Asian bistro in a casino in Las Vegas.
Absolutely. You hear it every day.
So, I wanted a couple of nice slices of sourdough.
Is it a butter sandwich?
[laughs] So, this goes right into the pan.
American cheese, cheddar cheese, and Swiss cheese.
So, the short ribs that we have shredded.
Again, a spoonful of this onion jam.
We'll just mix this all together, and then this goes right on top of the cheese.
A lot of short rib.
So, we'll just let that cook slowly, and Put in a little salad and a little vinaigrette.
Our sauce, marinara.
Nicely done, my friend.
The bread nice and crunchy.
I like you put a lot of butter on there.
The onion marmalade is what makes it.
Your short rib is seasoned perfectly, and you get a ton.
That is a bomb grilled cheese.
All right, ort rib grilled cheese.
I can't decide whether to just take small bites or shove the whole thing into my mouth.
And this is actually what I eat every time.
It's the best.
Roasted Duck B.
I'm not just raving on because it's bloody television, mate.
Everything on the menu, it's fantastic.
You come in here.
You have an eclectic mix, definitely not what I expected.
Nice job. I'm glad you like it.
Up next, in Westminster, Colorado
Wow, you got that process down.
we're firing up the grills You just are nonstop!
for Korean barbecue that just doesn't quit.
There were a few things I was expecting him to tell me.
Pig out was not one of them.
I love Colorado.
I mean, they got so much going on here, especially the food scene.
I mean, who could forget Fat Sully's?
Give me some pie!
Then you got Lauer-Krauts love that place.
So, there's no doubt that these guys got a Korean restaurant and not just any Korean restaurant this one's off the hook this is Dae G Korean B. B. Q.
[sizzling] Get your chicken!
If you want authentic Korean food, this is definitely the place to come to.
Beef's up!
This is just overwhelmingly delicious.
You get to come here and cook it on the grill, and it's just an experience.
I'll eat everything they put in front of me.
Which is just how owner Joe Kim wants it.
Somebody says, Okay, I'm gonna go to Dae Gee.
Oh, that place you?
Pig out.
There were a few things I was expecting him to tell me.
Pig out was not one of them.
But that's exactly what his customers have been doing since he and his mother-in-law heated up the hibachis in 2010.
What makes it so dynamite?
All you can eat.
Unlimited barbecue!
Every different kind of meat you can imagine, they bring out.
Just covered with sides. There's nonstop food coming.
You just keep eating, and it's awesome.
What are we making first?
We're gonna make the beef bulgogi first.
What does bulgogi mean?
Bul means fire, and then gogi means meat.
Fire meat? Yeah. Got the water.
This is the sauce for the bulgogi?
Right. The garlic.
The onions. Pineapples.
Got the apples. Apples?
Yeah. The soy sauce, sugar, black pepper.
Sesame oil? Yeah.
And most importantly, Soju.
Soju? Kind of a Korean spirit, yeah.
Soju gonna put it in there now?
Yeah.
Blender whirring Hey, what meat is this?
A rib-eye. You slice it thin.
How long are we gonna let that marinade?
12 hours. 12 hours?
Yeah. What are we making next?
Chicken bulgogi.
Add some garlic, the soy-bean oil, sesame oil, ginger, black peppers.
Sugar? Soy sauce.
And the Soju.
Soju just put a little bit in?
Yeah. [laughs] Over the chicken?
Yeah. 24 hours?
Yeah.
Next, we're gonna make the Dae G sauce.
Dae G sauce. Dae G sauce, yeah.
So, this is like the house sauce?
House sauce. Kind of like the Korean Thousand Island. Exactly put it on everything.
The soy sauce, the vinegar, sugar.
Soy-bean oil. You add some corn syrup.
That's what you use in your hair, huh?
Oh, yeah.
Sesame seed and Korean red peppers.
And that's the bags of Korean red peppers you have up there?
Absolutely. I'll be stealing them.
[laughs] Next, Chef, what are we making?
Kimchi.
Is that, like, the French fries to the burger?
Absolutely. So, first, the Napa cabbage.
We're gonna cut it into fourths.
Salt it.
Wow, you got that process down.
And let it sit for 12 hours.
Now, let's make the marinade.
Gonna add some onions, garlic, little shrimps.
A little shrimp? Scrimps?
Scrimps? Yeah.
Add some daikon radish, ginger.
A little bit of rice just to tighten it up?
Yeah. Some seafood broth.
Fish sauce. And then some of the
Korean red peppers. That I'm stealing.
Yeah. Then we're gonna add some sugar.
Okay.
We have the cabbage.
It's already been rinsed and strained Then just kind of go at it.
Where did you learn this? My mother-in-law.
She had a restaurant in Hawaii for about 15, 20 years.
What's next?
We're gonna make some kimchi pancakes.
Of course we are.
This is our kimchi that's been fermenting for about a month right now.
All right, and this is one of the side-dish item that comes out? Correct.
A little tofu? Yeah.
Jalapeños and onions? Right.
Soon as that's pureed, add some sugar.
Some Korean red peppers.
That's what's in your hair. I knew it.
Egg? Yeah. Some potato starch.
Potato starch? Yeah.
Then we're gonna add some flour.
A.P? Yeah.
All right. And these are gonna get fried up?
Sautéed, yeah. [sizzling] So, actually, there's another side that we're gonna make, which is a fish cake. That's just that's awesome.
We'll eat next week.
All right, we got the wok. Heat that up.
There's some BTUs, baby.
We're gonna add some onions, some green onions, carrots, jalapeños.
Add some garlic. Stir it in a little bit.
[sizzling] Fish cakes.
Soy sauce, some black peppers.
Add some sugar, yeah.
Corn syrup, seafood broth, crushed red peppers, and then Korean red peppers.
Top it off with some sesame oil.
[sizzling] And that's it.
Now what do we do?
Yeah, we're gonna cook it at the barbecue tables.
Okay. Go, we just bring it out, or what do we do?
Yeah, I'll make a plate and everything, and I'll set it all up, and I'll bring it out to you.
You're gonna show up, though, right?
mm Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah when we come back, we're finally gonna get it going on the grill.
You will bring it? Yeah.
To the table? To the tables.
That I'm at? Yeah.
Now? Right.
[chuckles] Check.
The grills are lit just outside Denver, Colorado
Unlimited barbecue!
at Dae G Korean B. B. Q.
You just are nonstop!
I take my job very seriously. Yes, you do, Chef.
But I haven't eaten a thing yet 'cause all we've been doing is making preparations for the ultimate feast.
The unlimited barbecue. All you can eat, six different types of meats, and there's actually an assortment of side dishes that come out with it.
So, let's recap this we made the beef bulgogi, chicken bulgogi, the Dae G house barbecue sauce, Napa cabbage kimchi, kimchi pancakes, fish cakes, and there's plenty of all that to go around.
It's truly unlimited. [laughs] You can keep eating forever.
I purposely don't eat sometimes before I come here.
The grill's hot. Throw it right on there.
It's [sizzling]. It's an interactive experience.
If you're gonna eat it, they're gonna bring it.
What do we do first?
We get some onions right here.
So, you season the grill with the onion?
Yeah, and then you get some vegetables on there.
Beef bulgogi and then the chicken bulgogi.
So, typically, you take a lettuce wrap, put a little bit of the meat that you like, some of the sides.
Kimchi cake pretty gangster.
[sizzling] Whole point is the pig-out.
A lot going on in there.
The bulgogi is out of bounds.
I love that you used the rib-eye.
You get a little salt, a little vinegar.
The Dae G sauce.
Steal that.
I just like that you have the variety.
The bright, fresh, acid flavors, you got the cooked veggies.
You got the raw veggies, the briny kimchi, then the cornucopia of meats.
Where's the venting going?
Venting through these sides right here.
So, it's a built-in table that does it all?
I got to get one these for my house.
You take the time and make it yourself.
That's the difference. Outstanding.
I wish I could rent, like,twoextra arms.
[laughs] If you're a meat eater, you should definitely come eat here.
It's protein heaven.
You can always find something that you like, and if you like something, you tell them to bring more.
You're involved in what you're cooking, and you can socialize and enjoy food and share it with everyone.
If you're gonna have a haircut like that, you'd better back it up. Yeah, absolutely.
Legit, buddy. All right, man.
Legit. [chuckles] Keep cooking.
So, that's it for this road trip, but don't worry,
IN BOSTON, MASS. Boston accent COD.
might want to step back.
This is gonna splatter everywhere.
MIXING UP ONE FAMOUS FLAVOR. normal voice That's massive.
With another. it's hypnotic.
slide whistle plays
This is the Irish pub you've been training FOR. bell dinging you stack 'em up like cannonballs.
Cannonballs. and an Irish mix on the meatloaf.
I'm illegally ripping that one off.
Are we gonna make noise or anything? ay-yi!
You just push on the pork and it just falls apart.
right in barbecue's backyard.
THAT'S DYNAMITE. [laughing] That's all right here, right now on triple
Closed Captions provided by Scripps Networks, Llc.
Captioned by Closed Captioning Services, Inc.
So I'm here in one of my favorite food towns in the country, Boston, to try one of my favorite foods, lobster, and I'm not talking the little lobster.
I'm talking big lobster here at the yank lobster company.
Twin lobster dinners coming up.
You can get any size you want 1 pound, 2 pounds.
Or a 16-, 17-pound lobster.
You can tell it just came right out of the ocean.
Twin lobster dinner for Eva. pick it up.
This is the best lobster Boston.
AND IT OUGHT TO BE, 'USE THE ZANTI FAMILY'S Got saltwater running through their veins.
Grandfather started this? grandfather, yep.
What year did he start this? uh, 1950.
Now his grandson frank is carrying on the tradition. blackened salmon for bob.
rice and veg down.
And this joint's got a potent one-t punch.
it's just one of those things where it's, what do you get?
'Cause everything looks good.
From the lobster club and the blackened salmon cod cakes for Barry.
On an east coast classic. definitely ocean-fresh.
Cod cakes? cod cake.
[Boston accent] COD. YEAH, THERE YOU GO.
First, we're gonna make the remoulade sauce.
normal voice OKAY.
We got some red bell pepper, green bell pepper, yellow pepper, and some Spanish onion.
Capers? a little bit of capers.
give it that nice salty flavor, and some jalapeño peppers.
hala-pane-yo. we got to work on this.
you speak my way, and I'll speak your way.
okay, jalapeño. there you go.
Do you see us bridging the union? yeah.
We're gonna blend these ingredients together.
Set this aside. next, we add our mayonnaise.
Extra-heavy mayo, okay?
Chili sauce? a little bit of chili sauce.
Add our blended ingredients, a little bit of Dijon mustard, some horseradish. okay.
A little Worcestershire sauce. Worcestershire.
Worcester.
Some lemon juice, a little white pepper, A little bit of salt, garlic powder, and a little tabasco. maybe a couple more.
exhales quickly I'm gonna mix this up.
that's li thousand island gone wild. nice, yeah.
uh, we're gonna fillet our cod.
A nice whole market cod that, you know, frank and I picked up this morning from a local fish company.
[whistles] sharply Okay, so we're gonna fillet this up.
Put on my fish gloves.
And then how are we gonna prepare it for the cakes?
Uh, we're gonna cut it up into chunks, and then we're going to, uh, boil it.
Boil it in a seasoned water. yep.
[whistles] sharply THE COD THAT WE BOILED And cooled.
We're gonna go with a little bit of, uh, diced Spanish onion, Chopped scallion, some chives, I knew the old bay would make it in somewhere.
a little garlic powder, some white pepper, a little salt, a little Worcestershire sauce.
The goal is when we mix this up to not break it up too much, 'cause you actually want to have the chunks chunks of cod. correct.
a little Dijon mustard in there.
Yukon gold potatoes.
We're going to, uh, blend this all together.
Okay, now the panko. now the panko.
pretty generous with that, huh? yeah.
We want about a good 5-ounce portion here.
And that's it. that's it.
We'll make 'em up like that, yep.
Cook 'em off, and serve 'em with the remoulade.
I'm here about three or four times a week.
This used to be an old garage that worked on Volkswagens.
That's why there's a Volkswagen on the roof.
This old garage switched gears from cars to cooking in 2010 when chef and owner Greg Auten changed.
To s how you reopened, it's bigger, it's badder, it's faster than it was.
It's everything from Oh, I just want a salad or a fat hamburger with everything on it.
And why do you call it the Triple G burger?
Because it was Triple G Volkswagen repair.
See, I thought when you called this the Triple G burger it was Guy's Water going in. Yellow onion.
Fresh garlic. Lot of garlic.
That's a good thing. Chili powder.
Black pepper. Seasoning salt.
Coriander. Hot sauce. Cumin.
Okay, so this all cooks down. Then you add the tomato paste.
Cook it up, and this will be the chili that's going on top of the Triple G burger.
Let's cook.
Are you just gonna get straight into the cooking Three 5-ounce patties.
Stack 'em up, baby.
Stack 'em and go. Oh, my.
We've got the pound of meat, three pieces of cheese, house Southern slaw, mustard chopped onions.
And then the chili.
Put this on top.
I want to see you do this.
I don't know how to do this.
Here we go.
[laughs] Get after that!
Greg, I'm telling you, it's fantastic.
You're attacking this thing.
Just great food, great atmosphere.
And it's just a wonderful energy that's here.
Greg brings up things that you would think, What?! And when you taste it, it's just fantastic.
Corn dog shrimp up.
Corn dog shrimp is delicious.
The corn dog batter is sweet, and then the shrimp tend to be a little bit salty.
It's just good.
Okay, what are we making next?
We are making the batter for the corn dog shrimp.
Dipsy Dog corn dog mix.
That's very old school.
A lot of fairs and circuses and stuff like that use it.
We're gonna go in with the water.
Then we're gonna jump on it with a whisk.
All right, so, you s how nice and creamy that is?
So it'll really coat to that shrimp.
Here we go.
21-25 shrimp.
Grab them by the tail. By the tail.
Dunk them in. Okay.
Got to set them in there nice and easy.
Float them a bit. Set it in.
And let it got.
That's so it doesn't just sink to the bottom.
Bam!
There you go.
Whaa!
Corn dog shrimp are ready to go.
Perfect them babies are.
Pretty proud of yourself on these, aren't you?
Yes.
Get after it.
Oh, yeah.
They're so good.
It tastes like a corn dog sweet, crunchy batter.
Straight from the fair. Straight from the fair.
Straight from the fair. Not salty.
The corn dog shrimp is something I've never had, and I'll be back to Pinky's weekly because they're so good.
Corn dog shrimp.
The breading they use on there with the shrimp inside, it's extra set.
It's always fresh shrimp. It's great stuff.
So, here we are.
We're hanging out at Pinky's in Charlotte, North Carolina.
So, when we come back, we're gonna make What are we making?
The Asian pork burger.
It was the perfect burger. It was just right.
Asian pork burger. you in a little bit.
Welcome back. We're at Pinky's.
My good buddy Greg You saw him at the Penguin years ago, and, of course, you know this cat Clint Bowyer.
We've already dug into the triple-decker, and now we're ready to roll with a different kind of burger.
Asian pork burger up.
The Asian pork burger is sweet, tangy. It's delicious.
what are we making? Korean barbecue sauce for the Asian pork burger.
We're going in with soy sauce.
Sesame oil.
Sesame oil. You have that in the South.
Black pepper. Fresh garlic.
Rice wine vinegar. Fresh Brown sugar.
Then we're gonna thicken it with a cornstarch slurry.
So, this cooks down.
You hold that as the sauce that goes to the burger?

And now we're into the pork burger itself.
Yep. We're gonna go in with fresh ground pork.
We have cilantro, garlic, green onions, rice wine vinegar, five-spice powder, sesame oil, dried mint, Sriracha sauce.
Big on Sir Hastan.
Fresh ginger. Fish sauce.
That's actually an adjustment on a racecar.
You know that?
What? Fish sauce? No, no. Everything but the kitchen sink.
It means red the red Chili flakes.
Curry powder Lime juice and mirin rice wine.
All right. We're just going hands in.
All right. Let these cook up, put a nice little crust on them.
Little bit of the glaze.
A cilantro honey slaw.
Look how good it is!
I just want to show you guys something my first bite and Bowyer's first bite.
Look at his fuel tank versus mine.
You know, you always wonder how these restaurants get on this show.
You don't wonder anymore if you try that.
The balance of the flavors, crunch of the slaw, really nice bun, by the way.
When the sauce kicks in, that's the best.
Real deal, Damn right.
Well done. I'll take another one of those.
Asian pork burger.
It's a nice blend of pork with a hint of spice, and it nice and juicy.
This is Cassi and Marcus Smith, d my buddy Marcus here is the president of Charlotte Motor Speedway.
We love Pinky's, and, I mean, this burger is unbelievable.
Tt Did you feel the flavor?
Oh! I mean, this is Flavortown.
I love this.
Ding Dong Chicken up.
All the food is right on.
It's, all around, a good experience.
I have a cousin named Pinky, and his real name is Greg, so Pinky, Greg I mean, this was meant to be.
All right. I'm driving to the next place.
You're not driving. I'm driving.
You're not driving.
Coming up. Wow.
we're cruising to a food-and-fun combo
That's just what I was thinking.
where Clint's trying his hand in the kitchen
I got it. Let me know if you need anything.
and I have to race against a pro.
So, I've come all the way to Charlotte, North Carolina, to visit you, and you bring me to an indoor go-kart track?
That's right. We race in Charlotte.
Is this the drive part of Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives?
Oh, we're gonna drive, all right, but let me tell you somethin It ain't just about go-karts here.
This is some of the best eats in Charlotte, and it's right here at the Pit Road Bar & Grill.
Moon Pie sliders.
The menu at Pit Road is out of this world.
Pimento cheeseburger.
You wouldn't expect to find a place like this inside a go-kart track.
The food is amazing.
Dry-rub wings.
This is a perfect situation for us to be in in Charlotte.
Fueled by co-owners and in-laws Fredgrim, Clay Robinson, and Ed Bradford, who wanted to build a high-octane nu.
We wanted good food for people to come and enjoy.
Real deal.
Not just coming to race but come here to eat.
So in 2013, they signed up Charlotte native and long-time kitchen vet Donnie Simmons.
Redneck taters table 22.
They are risk-takers with their flavors.
The Concord.
There really isn't another place in Charlotte to get this sandwich.
It's a fillet. They've got a fig paste of some sort they put on the bottom. It's magical.
All right. You get after it, Chef.
You like fillet?
Oh, yeah. Who doesn't like the fillet?
So, what's in the marinade here, boss?
Marsala.
Marsala Not something I expect to find at a racetrack.
Oil. Kosher salt. Ground black pepper.
Okay. Whisk it up a little bit.
So, gonna let this marinade go for how long?
All right. We're gonna make this fig compote jam?
Fig preserves.
This I got to see. Do you eat a lot of figs?
No. Try it. Good.
Really? Good for you.
Man, they are good.
Let's get into this. Apple cider vinegar.
Little acid to cut all that sweet.
H2o.
A little sugar. A little sugar?
That's the race fuel. Cayenne pepper.
Coriander, ground. Kosher salt.
Okay. How long we gonna let this cook down?
mm Three hours.
You want to have Clint just sit here and watch that for three hours?
Sure. I got it.
Let me know if you need anything.
Figs are about ready, buddy.
All right. Where are we at?
We use the immersion blender, mix it up.
Oh, yeah.
This is awesome. Nice.
All right. Let's makethesandwich. Little garlic.
Meat. Marsala.
Fire is key. Let it cook for about six minutes.
[whistles] Boy, it looks good, baby.
ill our ciabatta bread.
Little of the North Carolina figs.
[whistles] Plentiful supply today.
Steak.
Chuckle Little blue cheese Now to the pizza oven?
T minutes at 500 degrees.
Word.
The fig is something I've never had.
The fillet is phenomenal.
The cheese is the ultimate.
Love you toast the bun to death.
You really put some crunch to it.
I'm a big fan of this contrast between that fig jam and that blue cheese.
It's money. Concord.
It's really a blend of all the flavors.
It just opens up your palate.
You get a world-class meal and go and do some hard racing.
Can we race now? Absolutely.
Trust me, Clint's been waiting for this all day.
Are you ready? Be nice. Come on, buttercup.
No, listen. Come on, princess.
I treat you good in the itch.
You don't go sending me in the wall.
When you're done racing, you're tired, you're hungry, you come in here and have an excellent meal.
Hot Lap sandwich. Thank you.
Awesome sandwich.
It's got a little bit of kick with their jalapeño crema that they have in there.
It's perfect.
What are we into brother? A Hot Lap sandwich.
We're gonna make a little chicken marinade.
Start with Bloody Mary seasoning.
Fresh garlic. Extra Worcestershire.
Extra. Extra. Extra.
Chipotles in adobo.
Yep. Little spice there.
Mix it up.
I got this.
Let's try it out. Oh, yeah.
I'd like a Bloody Mary made out of that.
Yeah, no doubt.
I'm gonna put the chicken in there, let it marinate overnight. Wow.
So, this marinates for a day. Now
Fresh lime juice. Little blackening seasoning.
Right on top? Right on top.
Little taco seasoning. That's just what I was thinking.
Fresh-squeezed lime juice.
And how long is this gonna bake off for?
1 hour 15 minutes.
350 degrees.
Lot of work getting this good food out, huh?
No doubt. While this is cooking, let's make the jalapeño cilantro crema.
We're gonna let Chef Bowyer jump in on this one.
All right. We have mayonnaise.
Sour cream. Olive oil.
Yep. Pennzoil.
Little garlic. Salt, pepper.
White Onion powder. Fresh jalapeños.
Ii Okay. Seeds in there. You get a little Yep. Little heat.
Fresh cilantro, stems and all.
Limes.
ó He's on his parade lap right now.
Normally it's just Once he gets that pedal down on the wood, it's just That's it.
All right, so you let this cool down.
Now you can shred it by hand.
That is gonna be one tangy, rich sandwich.
Little mozz.
Little mozzarella.
T minutes in the oven, 500 degrees.
Got it.
Put a little of the crema nice amount.
Fresh cilantro. All righty.
This is gonna be a little bit spicy.
It's good, though. I like the horsepower behind it.
How did you just drop the NASCAR right into my cooking show?
That Bloody Mary right in there put a ton of flavor into it.
The crema is what really ties it all together.
I like the little fresh herbaceous note from the cilantro.
There's nothing I would change about the sandwich.
Hot Lap.
The chicken with the Bloody Mary mix is just It's amazing.
The jalapeño crema sauce on it adds a little extra bite.
It's delicious.
To be able to come in here and get this kind of food, this caliber of food is awesome.
Pork shanks, Concord, table two.
If you make it in the front door, you'll walk out wanting to come back.
Nice job, man. You've got a fantastic setup in here.
I've never had any kind of food like this at a go-kart track.
What a pleasure. Thank you.
Up next, we're tracking down a food truck
You find The Tin Kitchen, you're on the right track.
You'll find Clint Bowyer.
where their left turn with the menu
This variety that I've had today is pretty wild.
takes you right down the road to Flavortown.
Do you need another one? Muffled I didn't like it.
Well, Guy, thanks for taking me back to the track, but I thought we were gonna hit another Triple D joint.
We are. It's right here, Clint. This is The Tin Kitchen.
Pork belly tacos.
You're gonna find somethin you won't find anywhere else.
Restaurant-quality food without all the fuss.
Hot pan, hot pan.
If you have a good chef that knows what he's doing he can put the flavors together, and he can serve it from anywhere.
David Stuck has been proving that since 2011 when he picked up this rig and took his kitchen to the street.
What is the type of food that you make? What's the specialty?
Got a little bit of everything going on.
Engines roaring Tacos, quesadillas, and sliders.
What did you say?! Engine revs Is it always this loud?
You're at a racetrack! Of course it is.
His imagination is amazing to be able to come up with all these dishes.
T buffalo cauliflower sliders are up.
It's a vegetarian dish.
I thought I might miss the meat, but I don't.
It's delicious. It's perfect.
What are we gonna make first?
Buffalo cauliflower sliders.
[laughs] Uh
I'm gonna try this. Okay.
We're gonna start with the celery root slaw.
Green cabbage.
A little bit of celery root.
That's a new one. Red onions.
Little parsley. And some shaved celery.
Got our celery seed aioli.
This will be the base for the sandwich.
Oh!
That's good slaw. It's that celery root.
close call.
Now time for the cauliflower steak.
He's gonna cut the center out of this cauliflower.
Little olive oil, salt, and pepper.
Correct.
Onto that hot plancha.
And how are we serving this? On a slider?
On a slider with blue cheese.
Little buffalo sauce.
And the slaw.
And we're gonna take the finished steaks, stack them up nice for you.
And then just a little bit of crumbled blue cheese.
And then the scallions.
That's all she wrote.
So, I got to warn you. It's a little messy.
No
This is good really good. What are you tasting?
Great heat from the cauliflower.
Nice and tender, not mushy. Love the char.
The celery root slaw got awesome texture.
I mean, the texture's just fantastic.
That's more cauliflower than you've eaten since I've known you. [laughs] In my life.
Good. Thanks, brother.
Real good.
I got this. All right. Let's s this.
What do you think?
It's amazing.
It's such a unique idea, I had to try it.
It's my favorite.
It's perfectly tangy, crunchy, and spicy.
Like, you forget you're eating a vegetable.
And folks are willing to chase this all over town for it.
He's very easy to find.
They're very prevalent on Facebook, Twitter.
He's definitely one the best.
I like their gourmet approach to the taco.
Like this one, straight out of India.
Two chana masala tacos.
I would never think to put chana masala inside of a taco.
It's amazing.
All right. What are we making next?
We're gonna do a chana masala dish over apricot and Medjool date couscous.
Never heard of that, either.
Right over the top.
All right, Dave. Let's get started.
Israeli couscous. So, this will be the base.
Kind of like pasta balls.
Toasted almond slivers here.
Smoked tomatoes. Little bit of apricots here.
The Medjool date. Exactly.
Cilantro. Fresh-squeezed lemon juice.
Then we're just gonna mix this here up.
So, next, we're gonna do the chana masala.
The chana masala.
We're gonna start with olive oil.
Onions This is traditional mirepoix.
Carrots and celery, as well.
So, this is about as traditional as it comes.
Exactly. A little garlic. Smelling good already.
Coriander next, curry powder.
Now let that toast up a little bit.
Go in with our chickpeas.
Or garbanzo bean. Not your favorite?
Not the best bean. [laughs] Not the best bean in the world.
He just chucked it out the door.
Coconut milk first.
Gonna get some lime in there.
And then we'll just mix that up.
We're gonna hit it with a little salt and pepper and let it all come together.
So, let this reduce about 20 or 30 minutes, and then we eat some tacos. Exactly.
Just get a I'm telling you, you've done your homework, and this is awesome.
I'm getting a lot of that great rich flavor coming through from the coconut milk, and, all of a sudden, I just got a little bit of the slivered almond, and then I just got a little bit of the tang of the apricot come through.
This is really, really good.
Well, I'm glad you like it. That's for sure.
Oh! Do you need another one?
Muffled I didn't like it.
[laughter]thechana masalas.
This just ha the right touch of curry seasoning in it.
All the flavors just come together.
They never miss a beat.
This variety that I've had today is pretty wild.
Honestly, I would have never tried this had I not been on this show and had this opportunity.
You find The Tin Kitchen, you're on the right track.
You'll find Clint Bowyer.
Some of the best food you'll have anywhere, whether it's out of a truck or out of a brick-and-mortar restaurant.
Hands down, the best in town.
that's it for this special edition of Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives here in Charlotte, North Carolina, but don't you worry.
There's funky joints all over this country.
I'll be looking for you next time on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. Hey, Guy!
Guy! Clint Bowyer just stole The Tin Kitchen!
It's happened to me. Don't worry about it.
He won't bring it back.
You got to coach me here, buddy.
You're doing great. You're doing good. Sure.
He will walk us off the cliff if you let him.
Oh, that's that's hilarious.
It's not funny, Guy!
Caution on the speedway.
Hey, everybody.
I'm Fieri, and we're rolling out looking for America's greatest diners, drive-s, and dives.
This trip
If you don't come here, you're totally missing it.
we're digging into a festival of flavor.
Off the hook.
In San Francisco, California
Now you're getting taco truck on me.
the funky food truck
You have, like, mad ninja skills.
rolling out some Mexican flair with a Filipino flip.
That's packing big flavor.
In Wheat Ridge, Colorado
the father-and-son joint. Here.
Taking cannoli from dessert to dinner.
Wow. This is great.
Then in Portland, Oregon
Dude, I have eaten food all over the world.
we're feasting on a first that will blow your mind.
How have I never had this?
I'll give you a hint.
Recipes straight from Guam.
Outstanding.
That's all right here, right now, on Triple D. Captions by VITAC Closed Captions provided by Scripps Networks, Llc.
So, I'm here in San Francisco in the SoMa District South of Market to look for a food truck.
Now, I hear these guys are doing a cross between Filipino and Latin-American cuisine.
You never know where they're gonna be, so you go to check 'em out on their Website.
And I found them. This is Señor Sisig.
This is a pork sisig, fries.
I love the way the pork tastes.
Two chicken California burritos, please.
Best burrito ever! [laughs] Okay.
I plan my entire day around it.
I keep coming back 'cause it's the best food in the city.
With a dynamic pedigree dreamt up by high-school buddies, owner Evan Kidera
Pork sisig with steamed rice.
and Chef Gil Payumo
Order for Dave. Hey, Dave.
back in 2010, they started mixing Mexican with get this a sour pork Filipino dish called sisig. Originally, it's the pork head, cheeks, snout.
We do a little cleaner version with the pork shoulder.
And Gil stayed true to his grandfather's sisig recipe for the truck's signature dish.
T pork sisig tacos.
It's just so good.
All right, man. Well, give me the low down.
First, we're gonna start off with the pork shoulder, sliced up 1/4-inch thin.
We got some soy sauce over here, some sugarcane vinegar.
And this is what we do by hand.
Let's go ahead and add some oil.
Heat that up a little bit. Onions. Celery.
Garlic Just sweat it, basically, yeah.
And then add some tomatoes.
We're gonna add this shredded chicken.
Basically, sauté that up a little bit more.
Then we're gonna add some chicken stock.
Gonna take three of these. Okay.
So, these are my blue-corn tortillas.
I really just want to soften them up.
Then we're gonna take our shredded chicken that we just finished making.
Gonna add some cheese inside.
This that Chile Caribe sauce that we made.
Look at that.
We're gonna layer these right on top of each other, bring it over to the middle.
Gonna throw these right on top.
A little bit more.
Throw some cheese, chopped onions.
Toss this in the salamander 'cause we really want to melt this.
Take this out. Nice melted cheese.
I'm gonna add some delicious pinto beans, some of the rice.
Dig in.
Look at that.
This is hitting the spot.
You can taste the flavors, especially the chili.
Not super-salty, not rely hot.
Velvety sauce, good texture to the chicken.
The depth of flavor is huge. This is all just real deal Simple, but super-flavorful. Exactly.
Excellent job. Thank you so much.
The man.
Here are your red-chile chicken enchiladas.
And it's just got a whole bunch of flavors, and every bite gets better.
This restaurant really represents traditional, local Hood.
It blends a lot of different cultures.
What he means It's a whole lot of goodness.
See?
It's always the girl to just sum it up.
Both chuckle Great place. Great chef you have.
Food's delicious.
This has really been a great experience, and just the respect and the admiration for the chilies and what a role the chilies play in it, it's amazing.
You got it. Thank you, brother.
Up next
Let it sing? [Hisses] We're headed south to Albuquerque
For everybody at home, this is, Danger, Will Robinson. for what else?
Exactly. Rustic Northern Italian.
So, here I am, about 20 miles northeast of downtown Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Now, this area right here kind of like a business park, lots of office buildings.
And I'm here to check out a joint that is about as European as they come.
Let's see. The wife, she's from Italy.
The chef and husband, well, he's from France.
And the food is off the hook.
This is Torinos' @ Home.
If I could, I'd be here every day and every night.
It's like going back to Italy, to family.
'Cause when Maxim and Daniela Bouneuo opened this joint back in 2010, they modeled it after those little family joints in Italy called trattorias.
MAXIME: We don't want to be expensive.
We don't want to be a fine dining.
We want to serve honest food at an honest price.
But that doesn't mean they're cutting any corners, especially with this house special
Order in. A squid ink, please.
a seafood dish with tender calamari and handmade pasta, dyed with a squirt of cuttlefish ink.
Okay. Andiamo!
MAXIME: All right, so we start with semolina flour.
00 flour It's a very fine flour that we use for pastries, pasta.
It makes a harder, drier, thinner product.
Right. Salt. Eggs.
A little bit of squid ink, of course.
Careful. It stains a lot.
If you ever wanted to put permanent eyeliner like you're a football player you know, the shade control.
You'll be good.
Just a little dash of olive oil in there.
Low speed.
And stir water gently in there.
And how long are we gonna let this mix?
Oh, a few minutes just until they bind all together.
I'm gonna speed it up a little.
So, now we put the dough on the table, work it a little bit by hand.
You s how black it is?
Gorgeous.
And then we'll roll it in the pasta roller.
So, you roll it down about by 1/16 of an inch, and you keep rolling.
Look at the color on that.
I mean, that looks like asphalt.
Nice shine to it.
And then we pack them back on the machine.
But this time, through the cutter.
Gorgeous. Look at that.
And now we're gonna prepare the sauce.
So, we have a hot pan here.
We're gonna squeeze a little bit of olive oil.
We're gonna grab a couple calamari.
And we're gonna slice our tubes, a few of the tentacles.
Oil [sizzling] And we make some noise.
So, we're gonna let that sear a little.
Okay. Shallots and garlic.
So, we let that sweat in there a little bit.
Heirloom tomatoes Those are coming from right around the corner.
And at this point, I think we can start seasoning a little bit of salt.
Fresh-cracked black.
And we need to be patient. Let it sing.
Let it sing? Hisses Once it sings, we're gonna add a little bit of pastis in there.
Pastis?
Pastis is a liqueur from the south of France.
It's made with star anise.
I think that's like liquid fennel. !
Oh, that's awesome. Yeah? Okay.
Clam broth.
Get a good hand of pasta.
All right. So, we sauté all that. Ah!
So, a little pinch chive, a little tarragon, bell-pepper flakes.
We're ready to eat.
Look at that.
The sauce has all combined around that beautiful, squid-ink pasta.
Mother, father, that's good. It's good?
The calamari is so tender.
All of these little components, just that little bit of chili flake at the end The tarragon, the parsley, the chive coming in.
What do you think?
That's fantastic. You like that? Very good.
Fantastic, my friend. Nice job.
Squid-ink pasta con calamari.
It's wonderful.
I love the squid ink because it's different, for one thing.
A when we come back, more different
We're gonna do a be cheek manicotti.
with a deeper look into the French-Italian playbook. Sacré bleu.
People come, and they're all, Where's your meatball?
Where's your Alfredo? And some people would just leave, say, No, you're not Italian. To have the food from Italy, where I've never been, is nice, because I feel like I'm actually getting to enjoy it and enjoy the atmosphere and the ambiance.
And some down-home recipes you'd be hard-pressed to find anywhere outside of Italy.
Weave a beef cheek manicotti right here.
It's absolutely scrumptious and just melts in your mouth.
What are we into now?
So, we're searing beef cheeks.
We're gonna do a beef cheek manicotti.
Butter in the pan.
Everything's better with butter.
This is the French part coming out.
Beef cheeks. Beef cheeks are the bomb!
Little salt, little pepper.
So they're nice and seared on both sides, okay?
Lay them in our braising pan.
Gorgeous.
Next step is deglazing our pan with red wine.
Get all that fat off the bottom of it.
Gonna reduce the wine down a little bit In the meantime, we're gonna start sautéing our vegetable over there.
Starting with onions, little garlic, carrots, and the celery, just to sweat all that a little bit, okay?
Gonna put that on top of our cheeks.
Gorgeous.
And add a little tomato paste here and there.
We're gonna add our flour.
All that red wine goes in there.
Cover it with a veal stock.
Veal stock is done from veal bone.
We use femur and knuckles. Roast em?
Okay. Wrap it in foil, and how long in the oven?
5 hours. At?
500 degrees.
So, this is out of the oven.
Cools down a little bit so you can handle it.
So, we're gonna shred.
See? Just like you would shred for a pulled-pork sandwich.
So, we're gonna add ricotta.
Sprinkle some Parmesan cheese in there.
Bring a little bit of salt, some pepper.
Now we're gonna make some more pasta.
Again with the semolina, again with the 00.
We're just not gonna add the squid ink.
Exactly.
We rolled our pasta. Okay.
And now we're gonna blanch it in our boiling water.
Do you see the level of attention to detail just the way he takes the time to do all of this?
Then what we want to do is shove them in ice water.
Okay, so now you need to spread that out a little bit.
Next we take our cooked pasta.
We take our filling.
We pipe a large chunk of filling in the center
Holy schnike!
and we roll.
There we go!
Like a sushi chef, the way he's rocking this.
Little béchamel in the bottom.
More Béchamel on top.
Little bit of the braising juice and some of the cheese mix.
We put Fontina cheese, and we put Pecorino Romano.
In the oven how long?
About 10 minutes.
All right, so, it cooks in the oven and then finishes in the salamander?
Here we go.
Our little mix of herbs.
Pepper, garlic oil.
For everybody at home, this right here This is danger, Will Robinson.
[laughs] I'm gonna take this for a walk around the block.
I'm not gonna burn myself. I'm learning.
So that worked, huh?
This is an awesome combination of the French richness
and the Italian rustic.
Decadent.
It's simple.
It's no filler, all thriller.
Too legit to quit.
I don't know how he does it, but it's amazing.
I cod sell my soul for this.
[chuckles] So, the people that come here know it's the real deal.
Is it the real deal?
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
There you go.
Coming up. This is it, you guys.
we're headed to Portland, Oregon
Get out. Both laugh for authentic Chinese noodles
made by the master.
That guy's got a gun!
uumm that?
Jill's gobbling up our new Bird's Eye Teriyaki Broccoli. And look Ben is going for more Buffalo Cauliflower.
Everybody's a veggie lover n.
What do you think?
Mind blown.
New Bird's Eye Flavor Full
So veggie good.
the hilt.
[shrieks laughing] Avo?
I love baby statues.
I love you.
A runts bags hit him gasps Avvo. Avvo.
gasps Door slam Avvo.
When you need a lawyer start your search at Avvo and find the lawyer who's right for you.
Avvo. Let's find your lawyer.
Gordon
downtown for sales call.
West side for a presentation.
Meeting after meeting.
That's why Gordon stops at Exxon and Mobil.
For fuels that help his engine run cleaner, smoother, and with better fuel economy.
So he can make it to the meeting that matters most.
Gordon is energy.
Exxon and Mobil. Energy lives here. Exxon and Mobil are proud Plenti partners.
Lots of points. Lots of places.
One rewards program.
I'm here on Northwest Broadway in Portland, Oregon, just a few minutes from downtown.
Now, this is a pretty busy street.
Matter of fact, my fraternity brother Pete that lives here says he's been up and down this street a million times and never stopped to check this joint out.
That's too bad, 'cause I hear that they are doing the real-deal, off-the-hook noodles!
Ii This is Frank's Noodle House.
Even better than anything I've tasted in Asia.
Won ton soup, sir?
Just authentic and fresh.
When I'm in the neighborhood, I always stop by.
And, of course, now that I'm here, Pete decides to show up.
That's Pete. [laughs] These are my goddaughters, this is Ella and Sophia, and his gorgeous wife, Laura.
Girls, what do you think? It's great.
They make all the noodles and all the won tons themselves.
I didn't know that. Yes.
The same way Frank Fong's mother and grandmother did.
Where's your family from in China?
Northwestern part of China, the city called Lanzhao.
Lando? Lanzhao.
He brings his culture, and he brings his love of cooking into each and every dish.
And when he opened the Noodle House with his wife Ying and son Dennis in 2010, the pasta was front and center.
You know, it's fresh every day. They do it by hand.
Chicken noodle ready.
The chicken noodle dish is wonderful.
Today, we cook handmade noodle with chicken.
Are we gonna make the noodle? Yeah.
That's what I'm looking for.
All-purpose flour. Yeah.
This is water. Get out!
Both laugh How long do you knead this for?
One half hour, by hand.
We could open up a gym.
Just keeps taking it and folding it over, just creating all that gluten.
So it's gonna give it the elasticity and the chew, the texture, to this noodle.
Who gets the punishment of making the noodle?
Me. Every day.
That guy's got a gun! [laughs] How long do we let this rest?
10 minutes
then we knead her again.
Let her rest. 10 minutes later, knead her again.
Let's rest it. Sure.
Goodbye. Okay.
[whistles] Night, night.
This is to [whistles] Yeah.
Okay. Olive oil.
And after resting for an hour
it's ready to cut.
[whistles] That big?
Like spaghetti gone wild.
Okay. This.
Okay? Fold her.
Fold her again. Okay.
Oh!
That one's terrible, Frank.
Now we're gonna make the chicken for the chicken noodle?
Yeah. Okay.
Breast. Yeah. Chicken breast.
A little bit frozen. Nice and thin. I like that.
Corn starch. white.
The salt. Little bit of dashi.
Yeah.
Then you mix up.
And how long does this marinate?
One hour.
It's like a rocket ship in Flavortown, baby.
Little bit of oil.
Chicken.
[whistles] Bye-bye, oil.
Then we use soybean oil.
Little bit of garlic.
Cabbage. Yeah. Bell pepper.
Celery. Green bell pepper.
And onion Scallions. Green onions.
Put the chicken in it.
Chinese pepper.
Red chili powder.
Soy sauce.
Look at that! Hot and fast, baby.
Oh!
Is it terrible?
Yeah, Frank. This is bad!
I better get this all away from you [laughs]
This is it, you guys.
You just taste the nice, fresh vegetables and these handmade noodles and the simply marinated chicken.
Light.
Veggies are still crunchy.
Is it right?
Delicious.
Mumbles Okay.
Mumbles [laughs] There's so much good chew, and the flavor just fills your mouth.
It's made with love.
That's what I think of this food.
What do you think?
Now that I've been here, it's incredibly good.
Are there gonna be more Frank's Noodle?
Yes. Good.
I'm buying in on the franchise. Sure.
Big hug, okay? Sure.
I love this guy. [laughs] So, that's it for this edition of Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. If y want to check out some of the recipes for the joints we visit, go to foodnetwork. com.
I'll be looking for you next time on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. Muffled The od's so good here, I'm picking off of people's plates.
Ridiculous!
Frank's telling me to do it.
Fenders is a place where people that love motorcycles can come and have good food, good beers.
And one of the coolest things out our restaurant is that some of the motorcycles or the memorabilia that we have up on the walls has been donated to us by the public.
Before you have one of our entrées, you got to try one of our appetizers.
My favorite's The Hopper. It's Brie cheese, sautéed mushrooms in bourbon, candied walnuts, grapes with a baguette bread.
It is killer.
And we also make a lot of great burgers here.
My favorite's The Fenders V-Twin Burger. It's got two patties, habanero jelly, lots of cheese, sautéed onions.
And it even comes a big steak knife pound into the center of a pretzel bun to keep it together.
After you're done going on that cruise with your gal or your buddies, you just got to end up here at Sanders 'cause we'll feed you right.
Whoo!
Our passion for motorcycles goes beyond just having a motorcycle-themed restaurant.
We've actually started organizing fund-raisers to help downed motorcycle victims.
The reason we called Mystery Diners is because motorcycle items that’ve been donated for our fund-raisers came up missing.
If these motorcycle accessories are being stolen which we really think they are That's less money that we can raise for the fund-raisers to help the people in need.
Our reputation is on the line.
It's a big problem.
Yes. Charles Stiles, Mystery Diners Charles, Mike Thomas.
This is my wife. Berenice.
Berenice, pleasure to meet you. Nice meeting you.
So, I got to tell you I love the bike theme you have in here.
All these vintage motorcycles these are really cool.
Thank you.
It's been a lot of work, but it's been a lot of fun.
The community has just really embraced us, and so we've started a fund-raiser project for victims that have been seriously hurt in motorcycle accidents.
Oh, that's a very worthy cause.
So, tell me how that works.
The motorcycle enthusiasts bring in motorcycle accessories, and we raffle them off to make money for them.
That's great. So, what seems to be the problem?
Why did you call my company?
Well, we've noticed that some of the items for the motorcycle raffles came up missing.
So, customers are telling you that they brought in items and you're not finding them in your inventory is what it sounds like.
Exactly.
And we've also noticed that some of the expensive items we have on display in the restaurant have disappeared.
So do you guys have any suspects?
I definitely want to take a look at my manager and my wait staff.
Well, we'll definitely start with your manager as well as work our way through your entire staff.
And it's also a good idea to keep an eye on customer because they could be responsible as well.
Whether it's staff or customers, we're not sure.
We need to find out.
For this sting, Mystery Diners will focus on Joseph, the restaurant's manager who
Okay. Now we'll fold in a little heavy cream.
Now you make your own pasta, as well.
We do. Wow.
Just a traditional
semolina and the pasta.
And one, two, three.
Then go and boil it off, little salt water.
So, this is our pre-boiled sheet.
Pipe in the ricotta and parmesan and the filling cheese.
Bada bing.
Did we just get a badabing?
You got a little bada bing. Bada who?
A little shout out for Jersey. What can I say?
Now we can take our filling.
We're gonna lay it across.
We did let it cool down just a little bit.
Now we are just gonna fold it over, making like a big burrito.
We'll cut this whole piece in three.
Now w gonna go into the skillet with a little bit of water and we're gonna steam it up.
Two, three minutes. Two or three minutes.
Just a bada, no bing.
Then we're gonna plate this puppy up.
Now I'm gonna come in with our three sauces.
The marinara.
Pesto cream sauce.
And the Alfredo.
Shaved reggiano parmigiano.
Roasted pine nuts.
Pea shoots.
I got to tell you. Just like the Italian flag.
It is gorgeous.
We'll meet in the middle like Lady and the Tramp. Whoa.
[chuckles] Calm down, G. You're dancing.
Here we go. Get it out.
Forget about it.
That's the best compliment you can get.
To me, one of the keys to this that I'm really digging is the simplicity.
You execute the pasta perfectly, you make your own sauces.
But what makes the is so great is with so many flavors on the plate, there's no reason to make it any more complex.
Just let the simplicity of it shine through.
d that's really what I enjoy the most.
Man, it all works well together. It's phenomenal.
Nice job, Pepe. Thank you.
Excellent.
Tricolored cannelloni.
everything inside's very warm and fresh and delicious.
Everything tastes fabulous from the very beginning until the very end Cioppino rosso.
Okay. Next up, what do we go We're coming in now with the cioppino rosso.
Ohh! I'm ready.
So, here's the deal.
We're hanging out at Little Napoli in Carme California, on Triple D with Chef Pepe, my man the G. Garvin.
Fieri hanging out here at Diners, Drive-Ins, & Dives with my buddy G. Garvin and we are at Little Napoli with Chef Pepe, and we just had some cannelloni that would, what?
Ooh, knock your mama out the rocking chair.
Knock your mama out the rock We don't typically use that line on Triple Chef Pepe, we're gonna make cioppino.
This is bouillabaisse gone wild.
We're gonna make the sauce and we're gonna use the shells.
So I'm really just going to just rub some paste through the shells and just put them in the oven for about 15 minutes just to get them warmed up.
350 degrees? Yeah, maybe 350.
Great.
In a warm stock pot, extra virgin olive oil.
Some red onion. Chopped garlic.
Lots of it. Chopped celery.
Carrots. Saffron threads.
Nice. Color and flavor.
All right, Chef.
You can s we've just kind of caramelized the shells a bit, roasted the tomato paste on there.
Stir it up a little bit, bring them all
Deglaze with some white wine.
Come in with some ground tomatoes.
Crushed red pepper.
[whistles] Oregano.
Fair amount of salt.
Good little stir.
How long do you let it cook for?
Top on, we got about 15, 20 minutes.
Pull it, strain it. Exactly.
And we use the immersion blender on it.
Cioppino sauce is do.
The bada bing.
He says bada bing one more time, I'm gonna kick him out of the rocking chair.
Whispering The bada bing.
Now we're putting it together.
Extra virgin olive oil.
Shallot.
Manila clams.
Black mussels.
Calamari.
White prawns.
Scallops Calamari tentacles.
Crab claw.
Baby shrimp.
Stir it up a little bit.
Deglaze with white wine, Chardonnay.
Reduce it down.
Cioppino sauce that we made earlier coming right over the top.
And as soon as that's hot and those clams open, we're good to go.
We're done. Cover it up.
2, 3, 4 minutes, you're finished. Got it.
Fresh pasta going down in the boiling water.
Let's take a look at our cioppino.
, it's gorgeous.
Pasta coming out of the water.
Oh! Look at that.
A little sauce over the top.
And now we are gonna go in with our seafood.
Look at this. Right over the top.
That's like grandma used to make.
Fresh parsley over the top.
Little chili oil over the top.
Ohh.
I don't want to hurt you. I don't want to hurt you now.
Cioppino rosso.
You make the pasta, you make the sauce, you roast the shells you live in the house of Pèpeville.
Oh, the sauce is bananas.
Nice spice to it. Pasta's not overcooked.
This is spicy, just the right amount of heat.
mm It's gorgeous. Oh, it's spot-on I make cioppino.
It's one of my favorite personal dishes.
This is outstanding.
Oh, yeah. That means a lot.
Thank you.
Okay. Now I'm done.
Cioppino rosso. Andiamo.
It makes you feel like you're in the Italian coast with fresh seafood that just jumps out of the water.
It's pretty much the only place that we can come and get it where it's very similar to how we make it at home.
Pepe knows exactly what he's doing.
Little bit of shallots.
What you've done, how you're doing it, you're a lover of the Italian culture, and you really exude that.
Wonderful. Very nice to meet you, Chef.
Coming up, in Jackson, Wyoming
I can't shovel this in fast enough.
Mexican-made with old-school style.
This is the only one in Jackson. I'm pretty sure of it.
That's gangster.
I want a great shape.
Who doesn't?
So I work out. I'm good.
And then there's that other thing.
This I can do easily.
So, I'm here in Jackson, Wyoming, and I'm about two miles from the center of town over in kind of the locals' area.
Now, when you think of Jackson, what do you think of?
Well, of course, outdoor sports.
But when it comes to food, what kind of food?
Well, one of the first that would come up is wild game.
Then you'd have some steakhouses.
But do you think of Mexican food?
Well, you don't until you try this joint.
This is Pica's.
Marinated shrimp tacos.
You can tell that what they're making, they're making because they love what they're doing.
Chicken mole plate.
You know, it's like when you go down to Mexico and someone fixes you a dish in a place you'd never expect.
That's what you get here.
That someone is chef and owner Andy Parette, a So-Cal dude who left behind the surf to open up this mountain taqueria in 2001.
Were you always in the restaurant business?
After college, I started cooking and learned different dishes from different parts of Mexico.
Tinga sopes up.
The sopes are so homemade. They're delicious.
What are you gonna make us?
We're gonna make tinga chicken sopes.
Tinga? What's tinga?
That's a tradition Mexican type of chicken.
Get going. I'm starving.
All right.
So, this is the dried masa, salt, water.
There you go.
Done. Good.
This is about as old-school real deal where did this one come from?
Down in Mexico.
This is the only one in Jackson. I'm pretty sure of it.
That's gangster.
Now we're gonna roll the masa into balls.
Over the plastic.
You don't press it too hard.
You want to keep them a little thick.
All right. So, you take it.
And when we make the sope, especially with this tinga chicken, it's gonna have some moisture to it.
So this kind of gives it a little well to sit in.
Yeah. Okay. Let's go.
Now we make the chicken tinga. Hit it.
Canola oil.
Heat up julienned onions.
So, the onions are caramelized.
Now the chicken? The chicken.
And you pour the tinga salsa.
Tinga salsa has guajillo chilies, Morita chilies, fresh tomatoes, and beer.
Dried Mexican oregano.
So, cook this down, let the chicken absorb all of this great flavor.
We cook it for about 30 minutes.
Okay, brother.
Chicken tinga is done.
Sopes down.
You just put a little fry on these.
They'll still be tender.
If you've never had a sope before, you have got to try them.
One of my favorite things.
What kind of beans are we using?
We're using refried beans. Okay.
With lard? With lard.
Yes!
Our chicken tinga.
Romaine lettuce, white onion.
There were sopes at the bottom of this earlier.
Tomato.
Chipotle salsa.
Mexican cheese.
Sour cream.
It's outrageous.
I can't shovel this in fast enough.
The sauce fits. The sopes got a little crunch.
Nice and thin. Holds together well.
Outstanding.
 All right.
Well, the chicken is super tender, kind of falls apart when you bite it.
The sauces are amazing. I love the sauces.
Everybody in town comes to Pica's. This is the place to go.
Here are your tacos al pastor.
You get kind of a melting pot here of folks, you know, that come to Jackson Hole.
We get people from Texas, New Mexico, California.
All those different people have different ideas of what Different expectations. Mexican food is, yeah.
We're from Ecuador.
What do you think of this food?
I come to this placetwoto thru times a week.
My whole family likes it. I bring my kids here.
Posole verde.
Posole, for me, is a comfort food, you know?
It's extremely fresh.
The cabbage, the pork, everything is just it's amazing.
So, we're gonna do the pork posole verde.
And so, what we have here is fresh tomatillos and jalapeños.
Next we take water and fill it.
They're gonna cook for about 25 minutes.
We're gonna take a sauté pan and take julienned onions and garlic.
And let that just sit and caramelize down.
Yep. So, we're gonna strain this.
And then we'll puree them. Yes.
And then we add a little cumin. Ground cumin.
Let 'er rip.
So, now we're gonna take the blended-up tomatillo and jalapeños and refry it in the pot.
Then we're gonna add the chicken stock and our salt and pepper.
While that's cooking, I'm gonna cut up our pork.
And we're gonna cook it in this pan with what?
Yellow onion and garlic.
And cook that for about 45 minutes.
All right. Pork's rea to go.
PARAZETTE: Everybody in the pool.
Big splash.
And our hominy.
And we let it cook for another 20 to 30 minutes.
All right.
So, fresh cabbage.
Fresh onion.
Mexican cheese.
Fresh cilantro.
Twist of lime.
And the fried tortilla.
Got a little Valentina hot sauce?
Mm.
And not that this needs hot sauce, but there's just something about all the times I've had posole that I got to have a little bit of that tang.
It's the freshness of the cilantro and the crunch of the onion and the cabbage.
And the pork is ridiculous, fall-apart tender.
Snap!
There's your posole verde.
It's kind of addicting.
The spicy with the sweet and tangy.
When you live in a destination resort like Jackson Hole, one of the places you always recommend is Pica's.
And I'm gonna tell you something, man.
This would be outstanding in California.
This is remarkable all the way out here.
Great job. Thanks a lot.
Up next, an artist/chef in Long Beach, California
Au jus!
working her culinary canvas
That's a rock-star dish. Nice job, girl.
with a full rainbow of flavors.
Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for the chef.
So, I'm here on Atlantic Avenue in Long Beach, California, in the Bixby Knolls neighborhood to check out a joint where the chef/artist is painting her creativity on the canvas and the plate.
This is The Factory Gastrobar.
Au jus!
Presentation is great. The ingredients are different.
The menu changes constantly.
Spanish fish tacos in the window.
Self-taught chef and owner Natalie Gutenkauf opened this comfort-food joint in 2009, combining hertwoloves art and food.
Order up!
This is all you've wanted to d be in the restaurant business?
No. Okay.
I wanted to be a brain surgeon. [laughs] Awesome. Aren't we all?
I'm a brain surgeon. I just do it through their belly.
Exactly.
Asparagus sandwich! Order up!
It's a wonderful combination of fresh asparagus, arugula, tomato.
Absolutely amazing.
It's so delicious.
What's the first thing we're gonna work on?
A white-bean hummus.
ese are already cooked-off white beans.
Got it.
Whole garlic. A bunch of it.
Fresh basil.
Next is some fresh-squeezed lemon juice.
And a little S and P.
All right. Get this baby on here.
We're gonna add a little bit of olive oil.
So, that's done. What's next?
We're gonna make the sandwich. Awesome.
Asparagus. Got it.
Little salt and pepper.
And can you guess what this oil?
Hop oil. fantastic.
It is. I love hops.
So, all it is, is olive oil, hops, little bit of lemon rinds.
Kind of get it juiced up there.
Put it on the grill.
Let it sit there for a couple minutes.
A nice thick slice of red onion. Great.
This is ciabatta bread.
Just get a little grill marks on it.
Arugula.
Little spoonful of the dressing.
Get that mixed in.
We've got our ciabatta grilled up here.
White be and basil hummus.
Baby arugula salad.
Grilled onion on here.
And our asparagus.
OO A little yellow tomatoes here.
Fresno chilies.
Roasted red bell pepper.
And hop oil.
Hop over there.
That is gorgeous.
[chuckles] From the crunchiness of the bread to the garlic in the hummus to the asparagus and to the char of the onion, the notes go on and on and on.
It's a huge hit. It's really delicious.
It's beautiful. It's balanced.
That's a rock-star dish. Nice job, girl.
I've had great vegetarian sandwiches.
But I got to say that this is up in the top.
This is by far yes, I agree.
It's very refreshing.
The crisp arugula, the yellow tomatoes it's a smash.
It is. It really is.
Always fresh and you can taste the difference.
That's one of the things I love about The Factory.
How'd you come up with the name?
It's after Andy Warhol's factory in New York.
And they created an art scene.
And I kind of have that same concept here, but it's a food scene.
It's art on a plate.
Plating the pig and grits.
You got the pork going on. You got some capers.
You got onions. You got carrots.
The pig and grits lines your stomach with some good loving.
Beautiful pork butt.
Seasoned with a little bit of salt and pepper.
We just want to brown it up.
Hear a sizzle. We're good.
All right. So we're seared on both sides?
We're gonna add some onions, garlic, and the best part.
Now, this is an amber ale.
You're gonna pour that hot fat on top of that?
Absolutely.
You want to get every bit of the flavor in here.
This is gonna go in the oven.
What temp? About 250.
And it's gonna cook for about three to four hours.
Okay. What's next?
We need to do the grits.
Scoop some of this pork au jus in here.
Nice.
This is Hepp alderwood salt.
Get a real nice smoky flavor.
And we're gonna put it into our boat here.
Next, we're gonna get some pork out.
Candied carrots.
And blackened tomatoes.
And we're gonna put a dollop of chimichurri sauce.
These are capers, big capers.
[whistles] Dried figs.
Cilantro.
Ta-da! La-ba!
Wow, there's a lot going on.
When you get that bite of the grits with the salt, mm the chimichurri, and that beer-roasted pork, it really has all the depth that you need.
It's really dynamite.
Fire, fire!
Pork is just slow-cooked. It just falls apart.
This is very distinctive and unique.
There is nothing else in this area like it.
You're painting your own masterpieces and it's unique.
Ladies and gentlemen give it up for the chef.
Applause So, that's it for this trip, but don't worry.
There's plenty more Triple D joints all over the country!
I'll be looking for you next week on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. Just so you know, the show was over, like, five minutes ago, but we are continuing to mow this down.
Triple D after hours.
Behind the scenes. !
Hey, everybody.
I'm Fieri, and we're rolling out looking for America's greatest diners, drive-ins, and dives.
This trip. Awesome.
we're hitting up small-town standouts
No, we're not. Yes.
serving up big-time flavor.
Is this the family plan?
In Parkland, Wisconsin. You're a gangster.
a funky country bar
Feel like I'm in Roadhouse. Patrick Swayze's gonna ride up.
that's got me working on my posture.
How is one going to enjoy this?
The stance. Oh, you know the hunch?
In Jackson, Wyoming. Keow!
an eclectic spot going au natural
Be here all week Try the tempeh.
when it comes to dressing their dishes up right.
Off the hook!
And in Lancaster, Oregon
Bo and Luke Duke come by often?
a kitchen in a converted car carrier
Close to a cup of cheese in this abuse I mean this dish.
called extreme for a reason.
We've seen some crazy stuff on Triple D. This is up there That's all right here, right now, on Triple D. Captions by VITAC Closed Captions provided by Scripps Networks, Llc.
So, I'm here in the northwest corner of Wisconsin about 20 minutes southeast of Duluth, Minnesota.
Plane roars Got some buddies stopping by.
Anyhow, I'm in the little town of Parkland.
They got a post office, a town hall, and a county courthouse, but not the kind of county courthouse that's serving up sentences.
Nope. These folks are serving up a menu you wouldn't expect.
This is The Kounty Quarthouse.
Back bacon and cheese in the window.
Bell dings It's a five-star dive bar.
This is The Kounty Quarthouse, and you are served.
Judge Beth, she does a wonderful job.
That would be Beth Cherny, who spent 25 years catering in Duluth before picking up this country joint in '06.
I bought it, and it was a little rough-and-tumble bar.
It was? Was.
I feel like I'm in Roadhouse. Patrick Swayze's gonna ride up.
When you start, you know, transitioning this place into great food, what did people say?
Thank God. Really?
Pork and sweet potato pie in the window.
It's a place that opens up your taste buds and gets you to try some different things.
They bring out big foods and big flavors.
Chipotle brisket in the window.
I've had the chipotle brisket. It's all amazing.
It's almost like a pot roast sandwich.
What are we gonna make? We're gonna make our chipotle brisket.
We're gonna put onions in the hotel pan.
Lay that right on top.
And then we're gonna use some Wisconsin amber beer for a braising liquid.
Garlic, pepper, salt.
Then we're just gonna cover it.
That's all she wrote. Yep.
6 hours at 350 degrees.
And we're gonna start with our cheddar biscuits.
Give me the rundown.
We're gonna start with some all-purpose flour.
king soda, baking powder.
Salt.
And we're gonna add cold butter.
Let that go for a little bit.
Till we got gravel. Yep.
And then we're gonna add some cheddar cheese.
Buttermilk. Okay.
Now we're gonna put it in a sheet pan.
You're just gonna bake it off as one big biscuit?
We're putting beef drippings in, because they are what make it beautiful.
This goes into the oven.
I've come to understand a certain level of depression when I've tried to do these, AND THEY'VE NOT COME OUT puffy McMagic.
Yes.
THEY'VE COME OUT flat McTragic.
I'm just gonna leave on that one.
So we've got the Yorkshire pudding pan ready, and it's going to sizzle.
Spot-checking you right here.
There you go. lookin' good. some in the back.
Oh, can't miss those ones.
Then they go back in the oven.
What temp are we at? 400.
AND THEY WILL BE puffy McMagic.
oh, I can't wait that long.
You have to wait for something good. look.
S if they're ready no peeking. set your watch, Mr. bling.
now we're gonna do the roast beef top sirloin.
So I make a little scoring on the top.
And then we're gonna put grainy mustard, Montreal steak spice.
Then we just massage it I roast off in the oven at what temp?
350, About an hour and a half.
We've got the beef drippings.
We're goa scrape all this goodness from the pan into my stockpot.
And we're bringing that up to a nice sizzle, adding flour. so we're making gravy.
We're making gravy.
And where did the au jus come from?
we brown the bones. we do.
Of course, we brown the bones, and we make the from stock oh.
Look how dark and rich and beautiful that is.
Put that in the back of the Camaro, too.
It's doing its thickening, and it's done.
Okay.
Here, Yorkshire puddings. okay, here we go.
are you guys ready for this? watch.
Ha.
Here we go. that's what I'm lookin' for.
Absolutely not how mine look.
Quickly. they're puffing down.
Now do we start slicing meat?
Would you like the big one? okay.
Beautiful gravy over everything.
KNIVES AND FORKS. [laughs] Go ahead.
Oh, that's outstanding.
I haven't had that puffy type of Yorkshire pudding in 20-some years.
It's all in the homemade mashed potatoes WITH THE YORKSHIRE PUDNG, A little of the whole-grain mustard, and then you get that really tender puff from the pastry.
it's really more gravy, please.
For you, anything.
Oh, that is good stuff. fantastic job.
Thank you. that's what I was looking for.
roast beef dinner.
The Yorkshire pudding I won't train anybody else's.
IT'S PERFECT. man ROAST BEEF DINNER It's very tender.
Honestly, it reminds me of mom's.
You know the only thing wrong with Yorkshire pudding? tell me.
It eventually runs out.
Plus, they've gotta save some of that beef for their biggest seller. beef dip.
Beef dip.
I am having the beef dip. it is very good.
But if you're from the lower 48, you might know it as French dip or a tri-tip sandwich.
we're gonna do the beef dip sandwich, I'm gonna take the engine right out of the Camaro, just so you know, and start peddling that thing like bamm-bamm.
We have the pan juices. we've got beef stock.
So we're gonna deglaze the pan.
AND NOT TIGHTEN IT UP WITH ANY FLOUR, ANY Roux. nothing.
Okay, we have the au jus.
medium rare.
And it goes into the pot.
Now another guilty pleasure I need to let you know about is I am a French dip freak.
Now we're gonna assemble.
We have our toasted bread, garlic butter, Swiss cheese, and then the stuff that you really don't like nice and juicy.
yes, of course.
And then we put it all together.
We're gonna slice it in half for you.
Give you the good stuff here.
Nine ladles to fill the little cup.
S where the meat is starting to get together?
They're having, like, a little party right here?
Cheese is still not feeling part of the party till you warm 'em up.
There's so many things that make this so right.
The bread perfect, great crunch, the garlic butter oh, prime time.
What I think the real kicker is, the meat was roasted with that whole-grain mustard, but you really taste the meat what's that over there?
I guess I'll wipe my face.
Beef dip.
The meat is extremely tender, and the gravy is delicious.
BEEF DIP. wan THERE'S A LITTLE BIT OF GARLIC In it, which gives it a nice flavor.
It's my classic at a restaurant.
I THINK THAT PRETTY MUCH SUMS IT UP.
we've had phenomenal beef dip.
And, ladies and gentlemen, when we come back, hanging out at the tomahawk, Vancouver, British Columbia,
Steak and mushroom pie.
I'm a dead man.
All right, triple d here in north Vancouver, and I am sir beefs-a-lot.
We are hanging out at the tomahawk.
This kind young lady here has been feeding me beef six ways to Sunday.
We have had the Yorkshire pudding. yes.
We've had the beef dip with beef au jus.
And now guess what we're gonna have, hmm?
Steak and mushroom pie with gravy.
Absolutely we are.
and I'm gonna push the car back over the big bridge that I got here on.
the pie dough for the potpie.
the all-purpose flour goes into our big mixer, salt and baking powder, nothing short about that.
We put on the machine.
Now, uh, I don't want to get a call from Paula Deen.
That should be butter.
Yeah, no, this is a 100-year-old recipe.
No. okay, then.
this is a 100-year-old recipe.
Not my gig. and we're gonna mix it.
That's, like, an extra 14 hours at the gym.
making some gravel.
We're making ravioli. that's right.
over 100 years.
Chuck is the owner, and his mom and dad started the tomahawk in 1926.
Now we add water.
and we bring it together, and there, it's done. okay.
It comes out of the bowl to rest for an hour.
We roll it out, form it. roll it out.
we blind-bake it with an egg wash so they're nice and golden.
THEN WE BLIND-BAKE THE LIDS SEPARATELY.
This a boat going to flavor town right there.
imitates chugging Then we make the steak and mushroom pie filling.
We've got the butter melting with the garlic in it.
We've got the nice happy steak.
WE'RE GOING TO PUT THE STEAK INTO THE GARLIC Butter.
A little cracked black pepper.
It's easy for you to say. yeah, not really.
A LITTLE SALT. ALL THAT'S GONNA GO IN THERE?
More or less.
it definitely more, because it's gonna flow over the side.
Mushrooms.
And of course, you're gonna take us to gravy town.
Gravy town.
SEE, THIS IS AWESOME.
So we coat all the steak, all the mushrooms.
All the flavors are coming together.
I feel like I'm in, like, prayer meditation the way you're saying, all the steak, all
all the somebody play the didgeridoo right now.
WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH WAH. [laughs] Okay, and then this is ready to serve.
We like to stack it high.
and then to plate it, there we go.
That's how it comes out.
It looks too pretty to break into.
That flaky crust is just soaking up the gravy.
Here's what makes it the mushrooms, the scratch-made gravy, the copious amounts of shortening, all put together, and the tender beef.
It's comfort food. it's a 100-year-old recipe.
Excellent job. thank you.
You rocked it. you are the beef-a-nator.
[laughs] Steak and mushroom pie up.
woman LOTS OF STEAK, LOTS OF MUSHROOMS, The rich gravy it's very good.
It's like a piece of bread that comes on top.
It works perfectly as you crumble it into the meat itself.
It's exactly the tomahawk taste that I love, which is the home cooking.
We love to have our community restaurants, but one that's been around this long, to be the longest family-run restaurant in VANCOUVER. Chuck RIGHT.
Since 1926? 1926, right, yeah.
thank you very much.
thanks for being here.
cut me, mick.
I like to eat, and I'm a sports guy.
When you're cruisin' down Falkenburg road about 10 miles outside of Tampa, do what I always ask you to do.
Slow down and take a look around.
Otherwise, y might blow right by a funky little joint and neighborhood favorite known as Danny’s all-American diner & dairy bar.
Chili cheese burger.
Oh, my god I love the burgers. chili dog.
man IT'S A MONSTER. LOVE IT.
There are a lot of hamburger joints but not quite like this one.
really good home-cooked taste to it.
Because owner Danny doak grew up cooking at home I was around the kitchen as a youngster with my mom.
She was a real good cook.
I got a mojo coming up.
I've cooked in Alaska, new Hampshire, north Carolina, even in the rines.
Gail I GOT FRIES WITH BOTH OF THOSE BURGERS.
I like to eat, and I'm a sports guy.
We try to make everything baseball references here.
Starting with their best-selling burgers.
let's roll with it, please named after hall-of-famers from the nolan
let's go with it.
Loaded with cheddar, ham, bacon, and barbecue sauce, to the Roberto clemente with sautéed onions
I can never get enough of it.
OR HIS HOME CHILI CHEESEBURGER
I got a home run chili cheeseburger up.
Topped with his wife's scratch-made chili.
What are you having? the chili cheese. delicious.
It's amazing, because the chili's so good.
I make my own chili.
I've had a few chili dogs, chili burgers, chilies, in my life, and I know, I know, It's not what you're expecting to hear from me, BECAUSE I LOOK LIKE I EAT SALAD A LOT. [laughs] we'll start out with some olive oil, diced peppers, Spanish sweet right here.
We're gonna stir that up a little bit.
Those have had a chance sweat down.
the burger meat that's made, you now break that up and drop that in the chili.
Yes, sir. that's right. so far, so good.
Now this process here, guy, is gonna take about an hour.
Cook it down.
Then we're gonna strain off all the excess.
I like to leave a little in there.
Fat's flavor. yes, sir.
All right, after the meat's browned, I'm gonna add two cans of diced tomatoes, a can of dark kidney beans.
Then I'm gonna add three sticks of butter, seasoned salt, chili powder, salt, garlic powder, a cup of ketchup, the hot sauce.
Okay, stirring it up here, guy.
Let it cook down for about two and a half hours.
Now time to make the burger.
grill is nice and hot.
these are actually 2/5 of a pound.
Not fists but 2/5.
Well, that's 400 batting average for baseball.
All right, it's about medium rare right now.
I'm gonna add the cheese to it, a little American.
That's how you get that cheese melted there, boss.
There it is.
So beautiful. okay.
Got a little chili ready to go. okay.
Look at that.
Throw some diced onions on there, bud, healthy count of jalapeños, and this is a combo.
Onion ring and fries? yep.
well, there's t techniques fork and knife or just get at it.
And you look like a get-at-it guy.
Look at the juice running off of that.
Yeah, brother.
T me, mick, cut me. there you go, yeah.
The chili's on point. the onions are there.
a little bit on the juicy side.
you come check it out.
So tell me about the chili cheeseburger.
Delicious. the cheese is oozing out.
Chili cheeseburgers.
man JUST THE TOMATO SAUCE AND THE CHEESE And everything is just all marinated together.
It just melts in your mouth.
so there's enough variety, and the quality's the right way that you could come here a couple times in a day? yeah, easy.
Because he's serving up all kinds of options burgers, dogs, and more than a dozen sandwiches.
How is the Cuban sandwich here?
I love it. it's totally different.
Because on Danny’s Cuban sandwich, he throws in one of favorite Italian meats capocolla.
And it all starts with his house-made mojo sauce.
Start it off, brother.
fresh lemon juice, a couple seeds in there a little texture red onion, roasted garlic we roast our own here oregano, bay leaves, a little salt and pepper.
Now take this bad boy here, give it a few shakes.
Shakin' it here boss. shakin' it.
Did I just get a little cool hand Luke?
Thank you.
Did I just get a little cool hand Luke?
YEAH, YOU DID. THAT'S IT, BUDDY.
So you'll let this sit here and marinate for a little bit?
and then this is gonna go onto the pork butt?
You got it. so bone-in pork butt.
Now you're gonna pour this over the pork butt?
Now how long is this gonna marinate on the pork butt? a day.
The last thing I do, dried oregano, give it a little bit on top, and that's the last touch.
After we marinate it for 24, I'll put it in the oven. covered?
No. no?
I like it to get a little crunchy on the blubber.
Okay, just because we're down in Florida, okay, it's pork fat, excuse me.
and how long is this gonna cook?
That's a low-and-slow for ten hours.
Take a look at that. cooked down, nice crust.
Dan, I'm just doing this for science.
I really don't pick it. oh, no problem.
Super juicy. how do we break into this?
We're just gonna tear it up, buddy.
people like a little blubber on their sandwich, a little crunchy texture. a little blubber.
and then we'll make the sandwich from this.
we better make the sandwich, because I'm gonna eat all this rig here.
Let's do it.
All right, I got the Cuban bread.
We're gonna go with some mustard and some mayo.
then I got Virginia-baked ham, capocolla, which is part of the difference that we do at Danny’s, some good genoa salami, Swiss cheese, then some good new York dill pickles.
wrap it, put it on the press.
HOW LONG IS THIS GONNA GO ON FOR? I'D SAY About three minutes.
Oh, yeah, you can feel the crunch in the toast.
It's ready to go. look at that.
Whoo, whoo.
oh, what you get that's it.
Oh.
The bread is so nice and light but builds such a great crunch, tang of the pickle, tang of the mustard, sweetness of the ham, spiciness, a little bit of that capocolla, and then you get the mojo pork.
I mean, everybody's at the party, man.
I just need a little tito puente the background, and I'd be set.
You want it? he has it.
I've had a lot of Cuban sandwiches.
You rocked it out. thank you, buddy.
Hi, guys. Danny’s famous Cuban.
man AN EXCELLENT CUBAN SANDWICH.
The juices all flow together.
That capocolla adds an extra bite.
in the world of Cuban sandwiches,
You'd give this an a?
I'd give it the state of Miami approval.
That's, like, the state bird Miami is the Cuban sandwich.
This is where I come, right to Danny’s.
I can't get enough of food.
It's prepared exactly the way you want it.
No matter what you want.
If someone comes in here, and they want to have something sure.
Do you make it? yeah, all the time.
No questions. no questions.
when we come back, we're gonna make the Fieri triple d burger at Danny’s all-American diner& dairy bar.
Don't go anywhere, seriously.
All right, welcome back.
Here we are at Tampa hanging out with Danny Danny’s all-American diner & dairy bar.
Now we are making the triple d triple play.
this is my burger.
All right, so you're gonna go burger down, pastrami, a little bit of that Cuban pork.
There we are.
Throw a couple pieces of Swiss cheese on top of that burger.
Now I want something like a sourdough bread.
I want to do a panini on this. okay.
So we're toasting the inside, because we're gonna be toasted the outside when it goes in the panini press.
Okay.
So far, so good, huh? it looks good.
Bread's toasted, do a little bit of mustard.
I think both sides, just a touch like that, right?
Burger down, pastrami on top of that.
Looking good.
Pork on top of that.
Triple play, three meats, triple d, you s me hun-gr-y just throw on a tomato and some of those jalapeños.
What do you think? it looks good.
put it all together. okay.
mm Let's throw it in the panini press. okay.
Oh, that's a monster.
oh, yeah, looking good.
Oh, look at the size of that.
Do you want to cut 'er in half? sure.
The pastrami, t kinds of cheese, jalapeños, tomatoes, and onion rings all put together get some of that, boss.
unbelievable, buddy. no, seriously.
The pastrami you get the pepper out of that, the juiciness of the burger, the mojo with the pork, then a little bit of that jalapeño coming through
Double cheese, a touch of mustard.
OH. [speaking indistinctly] triple d triple play. I like it.
Out of the park, baby. beautiful.
woman IT'S RLLY GOOD.
You get the flavor of the different meats, and then you have the jalapeños for a little bit of spice to it.
it's called are you gonna be able to get it all down?
I'M DOING THE BEST I CAN. [laughs] man REALLY GOOD SANDWICH.
A little messy, but that comes with a good place like this.
it has the all-American el with the baseball and everything.
you can't beat it.
Good time, Danny. thanks for letting me hang.
Thank you, buddy.
you're gonna love him.
so that's it for this road trip, but don't worry, we got plenty more joints to find all over this country.
I'll be looking for you next time where do you want to go with this now?
I don't know. just go, man.
[laughter] Hey, there, Guy Fieri, and we're rolling out looking for America's greatest diners, drive-ins, and dives.
is trip
Badass. Can I say badass?
Yeah you can say badass. we're stacking on the flavor
What are you talking about?
and firing up the grill.
In Toronto, Canada
Outstanding.
a restored diner
What you s is what you get, baby.
putting on the pork and going big on burgers
That's a fatty patty.
with a holiday twist.
Christmas burger.
Then in Nags Head, North Carolina
Welcome back to Jungle Hour. the Caribbean seaside shack bringing the heat with the meat.
I'm gonna tell you what, brother.
That chop's legit.
That's all right here, right now, on Triple Captions by VITAC Closed Captions provided by Scripps Networks, Llc.
So, I'm here on Highway 12 South, Ii known as the beach road in Nags Head, North Carolina, in the Outer Banks.
Now, right past those houses and over the dunes, that's the Atlantic Ocean.
I mean, this still one of the go to spots for vacation on the east coast.
So, what can you expect?
Well, you get awesome beaches, killer surf, and great restaurants like this joint, Tortugas' Lie.
Grilled crawdads up.
It's got a lot of Caribbean flavors.
They're delicious. Fun to try and fun to eat.
And that's what keeps me coming back.
Baja fish tacos.
It's just got that beach feel.
Just what owners Bob Sanders and Richard Welch were going for when they opened the joint in '89 complete with surfboards, funky license plates, and a name guaranteed to stir up a conversation.
This name, Tortugas' Lie Wha wha Just after the Caribbean islands and, you know, it's where the turtles lie, where they come tell stories or they drink too many Cayman cripplers.
What are you talking about?
Exactly. Cryptic message.
I've been in the sun too long.
Emphasis on great local seafood with a Caribbean flair.
With Richard going all Clark Kent and manning the grill, he's spreading Caribbean love on local seafood, chicken, and even pork.
Pork Antonio up in the window.
It's awesome. Nice and juicy.
You get a little bit of heat out of it, and then the jelly just cools it right off.
What are we gonna make?
Dry jerk seasoning that's gonna go on our pork chops.
All right. Hit it up, man.
Kosher salt. Sugar.
Ground thyme Granulated onion.
Habanero pepper. Black pepper.
Here comes the traditions of the jerk seasoning.
Allspice. Allspice.
Nutmeg.
Should have a little cinnamon coming in.
Cinnamon.
Little more Cayenne, little more heat there.
You ever go outdoors in a windstorm and do this? [chuckles] North Carolina pork chop here.
We're gonna put a little bit of the dry rub on it.
And this dish is called what?
Pork Antonio.
So, we're gonna let those sit there and just take a little bit of a marinade from the dry rub, just let that kind of soak in the flavor.
While we do that, what's up?
We're gonna top that with some habanero-pepper jelly.
Getting all culinary gangster on me. All right.
Little bit of sugar. Red pepper.
It's full of flavor.
What are we gonna make?
The longaniza asada.
Longaniza asada.
Very traditional Yucatán style.
We're gonna start with pork shoulder, ground fat, and ground beef.
Next? Oregano.
Garlic powder.
Clove.
Onion.
Then we're gonna add some vinegar.
Salt and Cumin.
Got it.
Mix this all by hand.
And then we're gonna add the achiote paste.
Oh, ho-ho, hey. Not going light with that, huh?
About 4 ounces.
This is what gives the great color to a lot of Latin food.
All right, so, the casing goes on.
Natural sheep casing.
Anchor down.
Oh, nice and thin. Yeah.
Oh, whee, oh
Ohh, oh
Perfect.
Now we're gonna link 'em.
Now, how are we gonna smoke 'em?
We're gonna hang 'em on a stainless-steel dowel over embers.
They're gonna sit there overnight.
A little bit of heat, little bit of smoke.
Then we're gonna grill these.
Here is the sausage after being smoked and grilled.
Serve it with some tortillas, fire-roasted onions, and then fire-roasted salsa.
So, everything on here was cooked on that same grill.
There is nothing about that I don't love.
It's a Yucatán hot dog.
[chuckles]
A little bit of salt, touch of spice, great meat-to-fat ratio.
Definitely get the wood and the smoke.
That's fantastic. Thank you.
Longaniza asada.
This is excellent.
Just intense flavor something different like I've never had before.
Panuchos.
Super authentic, really authentic.
We're half Hispanic, so this tastes just like my grandma makes.
I love it.
This is also a great community space.
There's other small, locally owned businesses.
All centered around a main eating and hangout space I come he to be able to spend my dollar with really awesome mom-and-pop shops a lot of really indigenous recipes.
So, what's the next dish?
Panucho.
It's one of my favorites, and I always order them.
And I'm sticking around to try 'em.
Wow! Coming up next.
Oh, my gosh!
All right, so, we're back at Chichén Itza here in Los Angeles, and I got to tell you something.
It's taken me that much time to recover from the fantastic longaniza asada.
Which is just the start of a long list of real-deal dishes straight from the Yucatán.
's very unique.
I mean, 's not your typical Mexican-food restaurant.
Have you ever had Yucatán food? No.
This is like a free plane ticket. Absolutely.
It's a very different twist.
I wouldn't necessarily call that Mexican ''od if you just sat it down in front of me.
Say it has its own personality.
Order up, table 12!
The combinations are so delightful.
And they have a really awesome modern spin on some really ancient dishes.
Panuchos. It's kind of like a tostada.
But it's infused with black-bean paste.
And it's delicious.
All right, what do we do with this turkey?
We're gonna boil the legs, and we're gonna sous-vide the breast.
'Cause that's what you see every day in a little kiosk Yucatán joint here in Los Angeles.
To cook the legs in a stock pot, we put water
salt, garlic, oregano.
Okay. Bay leaves
black pepper cilantro
wings. legs and thighs.
Like a little court bouillon. Exactly.
Now we're gonna prepare the turkey breast for its sous-vide cooking.
Let's get into this. Kosher salt, both sides.
Take a sous-vide bag.
A little bit of cilantro in there.
And this is it for the seasoning. That's it.
We're gonna vacuum this? We are.
Okay.
150 degrees? Yeah.
How long? 2 1/2 hours.
Got it. This is not boiling.
This is simmering, but it's precise.
Now, the beauty about sous-vide is, you can go for long periods of time and we're talking days to where it's so tender that when you open it out of the bag, it'll just fall apart.
So, we're gonna make the tortillas now for the panuchos. Spanish accent Tortillas.
So, we're gonna make little balls of masa.
In it goes.
Normal vice So, why is this going to puff up open?
Mine don't often puff up.
Once both layers are cooked evenly, u press down on the tortilla.
It generates steam and puffs up.
And there it is.
You learn something new every day, baby.
Okay. Open it up.
Some black-bean puree. Okay.
Cover the hole. You spread it out.
Love it.
Now we're gonna fry 'em.
Double-cooked tortilla.
All right, here we are, Chef.
All right, so, we're gonna make the achiote marinade to paint our turkeys. Paint our turkeys.
And put 'em on the grill. And put 'em on the grill.
All right, so, we're gonna start with some achiote paste and then fresh, sour oranges.
I love it.
Some salt.
Now we're gonna paint the turkey.
Beautiful color going in here, and they're gonna on the grill. Yeah.
Then we're gonna shred the meat off of the turkey?
Right.
Which part is the panucho?
This is the panucho. That's the panucho.
This is the traditional panucho.
This is what you would get if you go eat at a market or mercado in Yucatán.
Little bit of lettuce.
Some of the shredded leg and sous-vide breast.
Some pickled red onions, tomato.
And a slice of avocado.
And that's all she wrote?
That is the panucho.
Man! It's so tender, delicious.
Really simple, but done correctly.
I've had a lot of tacos.
I really appreciate Mexican food.
It's subtle. It's authentic.
That's a nostalgic dish.
Oh, my gosh!
Panuchos.
This is a very delightful and complex dish.
What is your favorite thing about these tacos?
Well, I really like how it's crunchy, but the avocado gives it a wet texture at the same time.
[laughter] Order up, table four!
I know I will never be disappointed.
I love their food.
Authentic, baby. Real deal.
Thank you. Off the hook.
Coming up in Las Vegas, Nevada
It's gorgeous pie.
A pizzeria betting on their barbecue
You're a pizza joint. Yeah, but we got to be different.
and winning big on Philly. I've eaten a lot of cheesesteaks.
I've never seen this pepper game going on.
? 9-+ movie you've all been waiting for
This is your mission.
No this is an envelope.
that's actually
We're all gonna die!
not a movie.
I don't know anything!
Do you think I'm an idiot? !
Ahhhhh!
But, really, just a commercial.
To t ham, topped with pulled pork, topped with bacon.
Ye we double dog dare ya to try the Triple Hog Dare Ya.
With refill after refill of fries.
They're free.
Only at Applebee's.
So, here I am, about 15 miles west of the Strip in Las Vegas, Nevada, in an area known as The Lakes, and what do you get up here?
We, you get really nice cars, you get really nice houses, and, of course, you'd expect to find t dudes from Jersey and one from California that are serving up great pizza.
This is Those Guys Pies.
Mm Italian white up in the window!
The best pizza by far in Las Vegas.
l right, your Greek pie.
It stands up there with some of the best pizza in New York.
That's because behind the pie are t Jersey transplants, Roy Bass and Colin O'Leary, who wanted to bring a big taste of their childhood out west.
I found somebody as passionate about pizza as me, and we decided to start a business Top it off with co-owner Chris Builder, and in 2012, Vegas got Those Guys.
18-inch cheese pizza in the window!
How close is this to real-deal, old-school, east-coast pizza?
Off the charts.
But Roy's not afraid to break tradition on his toppings.
Barbecue Maui wowi in the window!
Pork, jalapeños, pineapple, barbecue sauce.
Every ingredient complements each other.
Let's get into this.
We're gonna start making our barbecue rub.
Brown sugar
smoked paprika. kosher salt.
Okay.
A little bit of cinnamon
cayenne pepper
garlic
crushed red pepper
granulated onion
and coarse ground pepper.
Mix this all up together. Yeah.
Rub the pork butt.
Put it in a walk-in for about 24 hours.
Okay, then to the smoker. Yeah.
How many hours was that? 16.
We're gonna do a little shred on it.
Now we're gonna season our pork.
We make a house-pickled jalapeño.
We're gonna take some of that juice from our pickling jalapeño and put that on there.
What are we making now? House-made barbecue sauce.
You're a pizza joint. Yeah, but we got to be different.
All right.
We're gonna start with bacon
some garlic. onions.
Okay, so, it renders down.
So, then we're gonna use a little bit of liquid smoke, vinegar.
Some brown sugar. little bit of Dijon mustard.
Little bit?
We got the honey, and then molasses.
Molasses. Yes.
Chili sauce. a little bit of ketchup.
Busy guy.
And then, boom, black pepper.
So, three cooks down. For about 35 minutes.
All right, gonna make the Maui wowi.
I got to wear this to the prom later.
I won't get you dirty, I promise, okay?
That's big skin, man. What size pie is this?
This is gonna be an 18-inch pie.
Barbecue sauce mixed with pizza sauce.
Yes, 50/50.
This is pizza Picasso.
Whole-milk mozzarella.
Pulled pork that we smoke.
Now we're gonna do house bacon.
So you cure your own bacon? Yes, sir.
Never can be too much pork in a pizzeria.
We got fresh pineapple.
You get caught from your friends on the east coast putting pineapple on a pizza
We're gonna get a couple e-mails.
Then our own jalapeños.
We're gonna finish it just
with a little sprinkle of cheese.
What temperature is the oven at? 550.
Can we throw it in the oven? Throw it in there!
That's right!
9, 10 minutes. [whistles] We're gonna add a little bit of cilantro to it.
It's a gorgeous pie.
This is legit pizza, m.
It doesn't taste like barbecue sauce.
You don't get lost in that.
It's like smoky, bacon-y tomato sauce.
The jalapeños are spot-on.
The crust is fantastic.
Just get a couple of those little sweet bites out of the pineapple.
Smoking in the pork, making your own ingredients, making your own sauces I would drive up to The Lakes just to get this.
Appreciate that. Thank you.
All right, we got your barbecue Maui wowi.
Has the perfect combination of salty, sweet, and spicy?
One of my ways to find out if you've got really good pizza mm is to talk to one of my ATO fraternity brothers.
We've had some bad pizza in our day.
Horrible.
How would this have done?
This is fantastic.
A pie like this, you got to drive across town.
It's a small place that's off the beaten path, kind of hard to find.
It's one of those places you hear about, word gets around.
It's just this little hidden gem.
What else do you like on the menu?
Best cheesesteak around.
Works cheesesteak up in the window!
It's like going back to Philly. Absolutely.
We're gonna do a pickled green pepper for our steak sandwich because the green pepper can't just be a green pepper.
Who says? I say.
Okay. Those Guys say.
So, we got rice wine vinegar, cider vinegar.
Sugar and salt.
Brown sugar.
Garlic, onion, and 3 gallons of water.
I've eaten a lot of cheesesteaks.
I've never seen this pepper game going on.
That's why our cheesesteak are a unique cheesesteak.
And we're gonna put the peppers inside here and pour everything in there and put it in the walk-in.
Okay, let's do it.
We're gonna start with a nice little handful of onions, and we got green peppers.
And then a little bit of mushroom.
This is rib-eye? This is rib-eye.
We're gonna do a little seasoning on this meat.
We're only making one sandwich.
I don't like people to leave my store hungry.
Chop it up nice and fine.
Do you see the technique where he's holding the one out and bringing this one down?
It's gangster.
All right. We're almost there.
White American cheese.
White American nice, four big slices.
You ready for this?
I'm gonna fold that cheese inside of the sandwich.
Yeah.
This is Whoa, I don't want to take you out, Guy.
Boom.
I do like that the cheese tucked away.
You want to get in on some of this?
Oh, absolutely, sir. Absolutely.
Ready?
I like how you tucked the cheese into bed and that meat nice medium-rare.
That's one of the most legit I've had in a while, but you know what the kicker is?
It's the acid of that green bell pepper.
It's what takes it to the next level.
Had a lot of other cheesesteaks here in town, but nobody compares to what they put out here.
Your works cheesesteak.
You just close your eyes.
You'll think you're back on the Jersey Shore.
I got a meatball coming out!
Probably my favorite place to eat here in Vegas.
This is the kind of joint that when people watch Triple D, they go, I don't even ow how to get to The Lakes, but get me a cab off the Strip. I want to go s that joint. Nice job, guys. Congratulations.
Up next we’re headed to the Strip
All right. I like where this is going.
for a crazy look at my joint
Take us down the road, Chef. back in the kitchen
We've taken the Vegas fries to another level.
and behind the bar.
This is exactly what you need after a rough night in Vegas.
Welcome back, Mr. Fieri. Thank you.
Listen, if you would've ever told me that I was gonna be on the Food Network, I'd say you're crazy.
And if you ever told me I was gonna come back to Las Vegas and op my own restaurant on the Strip, I'd say you're out of your mind, so I guess that makes you crazy and out of your mind?
'Cause I'm here at The Linq Hotel & Casino to check out my joint.
This is Guy’s Vegas Kitchen + Ba Pick it up, sashimi won tacos!
It's unbelievable.
All right, bacon mac-and-cheese burger It reminds me of a lot of energy going on here.
Kind of goes with the flow of Vegas super-good vibe, fun.
So, now it's time to meet the cat that came up with all the crazy ideas.
Chef, come on in, please.
So, Chef, tell me, what was the inspiration behind Guy's Vegas?
Going to college in Las Vegas, always coming down to the Strip, I always just thought about having a cool, little, funky joint that served just righteous food.
You felt comfortable coming back multiple times.
That's what we made here.
But with all my time on the road, you know I need a solid team to back me up, and I got that, led by Chef Tony Leitera.
Number-one-selling item on the menu is
Mac-and-cheese burger.
The number-t best-selling sandwich? Motley Cue.
Here, we have the Motley Cue sandwich.
Watching this pulled-pork sandwich come out, my mouth was watering.
Take us down the road, Chef.
We got our Danish collar pork butt.
We're gonna make the rub for it right now.
This is our brown sugar
kosher salt, garlic, cayenne.
Paprika.
We got our chili, brown cloves, black pepper, a little bit of nutmeg.
When you name it after your barbecue team, Motley Cue, it's got to have the Motley Cue attitude.
All right, so, we're gonna dry-rub this.
Now, when you walk into this restaurant, you're thinking, Okay, where's the big smoker?
Why don't I smell it? Because it's in the basement.
So, we're gonna let this go for 12 hours.
Set 220. Yeah.
The pork butt's done. Yeah.
Okay, you look at all that bark, all that great smoked flavor, and it's super tender.
Drop it in a little bit of that pan dripping.
Now, the other great thing is, we have this pretzel roll made for us.
We're gonna cut this in half.
It's got to have a little garlic butter to add that extra bit of flavor, but you got to put a little crust on the outside of this.
So, you're gonna toast that off? Yeah.
Next up. We got your toasted bun here.
We're gonna start with our donkey sauce.
It's a combination of a little mustard, a little mayonnaise, a little Worcestershire, a little black pepper, a little garlic.
So, next, we're gonna melt the cheese.
Cheddar. Okay.
First thing's first pickles.
We got our citrus slaw And then we got our rock.
Then we're gonna garnish it up with a little bit of my barbecue sauce.
Bourbon/brown sugar barbecue sauce, and a touch of the Carolina just to add a little bit of that vinegar flavor.
The t together perfect.
We don't do just one kind of fry.
This is how the fries get served up every time.
Shoestring, crinkle cut, sidewinder, and everybody loves a waffle, right?
Chef, go ahead and jump in on that.
Great smoke, a little bit of the sweet, a little bit of the vinegar.
The crunch of the slaw, a little bit of that acid coming through, pickles you got to have the pickles and then this nice pretzel bun with the little leathery skin on the outside very nice.
And your Motley Cue sandwich.
Absolutely tender and delicious.
You get the sweet and the salty with it.
It really good.
This is Dan Geraldo, one of my roommates from college.
This is typical Fieri food.
This is what you used to do when we roomed, and I would just be amazed.
This is Professor John Stefanelli.
He's a professor at UNLV.
I had him for all kinds of classes.
How do you think we're doing?
The food is great because it's you.
It's definitely you.
Which means I put plenty on the menu Triple D -style that you don't need a fork and knife to dig into.
The fireball whiskey wings.
What do you think of the wings?
They're just incredible.
Good crunch in the wing? Yeah, definitely.
Here, we have the Vegas fries for you.
Bleu cheese crumbled on top, and then you can spread a little buffalo sauce over it.
Best fries I've ever had.
We've taken the Vegas fries to another level.
So, what we have here, they're sidewinder fries
Frank's hot sauce powder
Now we just give them a little spritz of the wing sauce.
Okay, a little bit of bleu cheese.
Just top it off with a little carrots and celery.
This is our Frank's and butter and bleu-sabi sauce.
Give this a nice little bath of the wing sauce.
Nice butter, vinegar, cayenne pepper.
Little dip in the bleu-sabi bleu.
It's crunchy. It's tangy.
It's totally buffalo.
Well done, man.
Here, we have the Vegas fries.
Love it. The sauces are good.
The one is spicy, and then the other one cools it down a little bit, so if you mix them up, they're just perfect.
It screams, I want a big beer. And if that doesn't do the trick, well, we got to kick it up a notch.
Guy's Bloody Mary for you.
I love a good Bloody Mary, and this is everything that I could ask for.
Kick this off, man.
Start it out right jalapeños. Ouch!
Fresnos. Now, don't worry.
is isn't that super spicy hot, well, until the garlic gets in there.
Fresh garlic. Okay.
Tomato juice.
And then we're gonna start to whisk it.
A little bit of barbecue sauce.
One of each of our barbecues.
Nice smoky flavor coming out of that.
All right. I like where this is going.
Hot sauce, a little bit more hot sauce.
A little bit of Worcester Worcestershire.
Mumbling Worcester-sher-shire.
A little bit of salt.
A little bit of salt.
Now, we're gonna let this set up for about an hour.
About an hour. Fantastic.
Vodka, my brother.
There we go. Okay.
This is the Bloody Mary. Now, we've strained this.
Gonna finish it off with some candied bacon, apple sausage, Italian-imported pepperoni, fresh veggies, a little bit more jalapeño.
Straws.
This is exactly what you need after a rough night in Vegas.
Sighs That'll do the trick.
Guy's Bloody Mary!
I love spice, so it tastes really good.
Dessert tickets s'mores Monte Cristo.
Highly recommended to anybody coming to Vegas.
Chef Tony. you da man.
You guys got to come meet this cat.
So, that's it for this Flavortown road trip, but don't you worry.
there's plenty more joints all over this country!
I'll be looking for you next time on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. This is about the weirdest interview I've ever had.
Come on. Let's go.
[laughter] Hey, everybody.
m Fieri, and we're rolling out looking for America's greatest diners, drive-ins, and dives.
This trip
Blender whirs it's all about scratch-made success.
Hey, it's Brooklyn. Everything goes here.
Hey!
In Brooklyn, New York, right under the Williamsburg Bridge, a southern-comfort stand
Here at the Pies N' Thighs Health Center.
pulling pork. As Michael Jackson Whoo-hoo.
frying chicken. Normal voice That's od fried chicken.
and turning out big-time doughnuts
You have got to be kidding me.
This thing weighs like three pounds.
Aa and in Puyallup, Washington
Seriously? Didn't s that coming.
the former feed store that's back in business
You're not sharin'? Here's the deal My name's not Sharon. It's Guy, Fieri.
rolling out million-dollar meatballs
Looks good from over here.
and a Sloppy Joe made by mama.
Who's ever mom made this, she's the mom, the bomb dot com.
Yeah!
That's all right here, right now, Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives.
New York area has one of the most eclectic mix of foods you can find anywhere.
I mean, you name it, they got it.
So, when you're rolling out of Manhattan over the Williamsburg Bridge, you can expect to find some Hold it. Hold it.
Exactly some good-old Southern food with a twist.
This is Pies 'n' Thighs.
BANE: Pulled pork and baked beans.
What they're doing is amazing.
BANE: Chicken and waffles.
Hey, it's Brooklyn. Everything goes here.
Hey!
Just ask the president of Brooklyn, Marty Markowitz.
So many of the innovative chefs have set up shop right here, like Pies 'n' Thighs.
And for the record, this place has three of them Sarah Sanneh, Carolyn Bane, and Erika Geldzahler.
You got a food-school graduate, a culinary-school graduate, and a
Crimson. Go Crimson. Harvard graduate.
and a Harvard graduate.
How long you been in business together?
Six years.
your kimchi here.
There’s the pickled cucumbers.
Little bit of toasted sesame seeds.
We've gone from hot dog to dinner.
These are definitely a meal.
[laughs] Dude, I don't know what to tell ya.
That's a flavor kaleidoscope.
Rich, salty, sweet, tangy, good snap to the dog.
The short rib by itself is just dynamite.
The cabbage and the slaw and the pickles, all fantastic.
This is outstanding. Thank you.
Nicely done.
The Korean hot dog.
What sells it for me is that the kimchi Kimchi I love right now.
mm The hot dog is amazing.
Hot dogs are gangster. They're very good.
It's a winner wiener. [laughs] So much more than a hot-dog place here at Senate.
This place was a catalyst for a lot of the redevelopment that we've seen around the area.
What was this joint before you classed it up?
WRIGHT: Nothing.
There was absolutely nothing in here.
It basically had hit as low as it was gonna go, and the only thing it could do was go up.
I'm not sure that this neighborhood would be a neighborhood where and Senate.
It's definitely not just a hot-dog place.
It more about a communal restaurant.
Booty and belly.
The booty and the belly, yeah, it's great.
You got the sweet and the sour, and who doesn't like pork?
I wouldn't advise picking it up as a sandwich.
It requires a fork and knife.
This is the booty and belly sandwich.
We are doing a little braised pork belly hat to our caramelized mirepoix. Okay.
We're gonna deglaze with some Kentucky bourbon ale.
Love it.
Gonna pour it right back over our pork belly and our mirepoix.
And our spice mixture here?
That is a little Szechuan peppercorn. I love 'em.
Oh, they go crazy on your tongue.
We add a little cinnamon stick and a little star anise, as well. Love it.
We're gonna add chicken stock, cover it with foil.
Roast off in the oven for how long?
450 for about 4 hours.
I can already smell it.
Can't wait.
Let this cool down a little bit, strain the jus.
ay. Now we can put the sandwich together.
So we're gonna take our pork that we braised, add it in a little pan here, barbecue sauce.
And you make your own barbecue sauce? We do.
Braise in jus.
Just let it come together.
Yeah, just kind of let it do its thing there.
I'm gonna take our nice seared brioche bun for you.
You ready for this?
[whistles] Take a little of this apple celery root slaw, a little bit of our sauce here.
I'm gonna squeeze t of these guys on here.
Flat-out ridiculous.
What?
[laughter] Muffled That's a new one on Triple D right there, hm?
All right, brother, let me tell ya.
Nothing you do is short on flavor.
The pork between the belly and the butt fatty, tender, texture.
The barbecue sauce outrageous.
Delicious. Thank you.
It is unexpected and fun.
It's a party in your mouth. Wow, great food.
Really a pleasure.
Thank you. Thanks.
Next up, we headed up the street
That is awesome.
for a European café
It's the Belgian way.
Everything that I don't understand, you call a Belgian way.
that's literally got me speechless.
gotten large coleslaw, baked beans with pulled chicken, four biscuits and a half gallon of Dole Classic Lemonade.
You see what I'm talking about? [laughing] It's still finger lickin' good.
You're taking a step out of Cincinnati, and you're walking into something completely different.
I was pleasantly surprised because of the authenticity of the dishes.
That's due to owner Jean-Fncois Flechet
Nicoise is up.
who was raised in a tiny Belgian village before coming stateside, opening this place in 2011.
His specialty here, what else, the Belgian waffle.
Plain waffle. Fruit-and-cream waffle.
I love these waffles so much.
They're crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside.
Do people understand what a Belgian waffle is?
I think here, everybody calls a waffle a Belgian waffle. Right.
What we make is very dense, and it's made from a thick dough.
Okay, well, let's get after 'em, man.
So, we're gonna start with the flour, salt, yeast, Mix it up. We'll add the butter.
Eggs.
Raining chickens.
Milk, vanilla.
And the key is this compressed beet sugar, and you cannot find it locally, so when I got started, I cashed out my IRA, and I bought 10 tons of sugar.
You got to be related to my family somehow.
It has a special texture. It has a special melting point.
That doesn't smell like any waffle dough, batter that I've ever made.
This gets done mixing.
We portion it
cut it
put it in the holding tray, It goes in the refrigerator. Yes.
And then it goes to the waffle maker.
at is awesome.
So you have somebody make this thing for you.
The one that comes from Belgium, really not sturdy enough.
This one, you can bang it all you want.
So the sugar still never dissolved.
Still just big chunks a lot of sugar.
We put t balls of dough on the waffle iron.
And we just close it. Gravity will do the work.
And then 3 minutes, you're gonna get a beautiful waffle.
Just serve in wax paper.
That's the way we That's the way you get it in Belgium. Belgium.
That's outstanding.
I love the little crystals that you get.
You know, you get a little bit of that crunch inside of there.
I mean, that's crazy.
This is the way to get your kid up in the morning on Sunday and have him mow the lawn and wax the car and shave the dog.
Want a waffle? Yeah!
Fruit-and-cream Belgian waffle.
Any other waffle you've ever had in your life it put to shame.
This is my cousin Jeff and his son T. J.
What did you think, TJ? Whenever you bite into it, it's not the normal waffle.
You can just eat 'em plain.
You don't need any syrup.
FLECHET: Plain waffle.
Did you cook at home in Belgium?
I never cooked a waffle until I started the business.
That's awesome.
My background is in computer science.
Computer program and a recipe very similar.
Yeah, no, they are. The special steps, you follow them.
And his recipes go way beyond the waffle.
Carbonnade is up.
The carbonnade's just got kind of those smoky flavors, sorta like comfort food, almost.
All right, so, what are we making now?
We are gonna make carbonnade.
What is carbonnade?
Traditional Belgian beef stew.
Hit it. Beef tallow.
FIERI: you got to love some beef tallow - you know, rendered beef fat.
Then let's add the onions.
Garlic.
Bacon.
We're gonna take it off the heat
So we can sear the meat. so we sear the meat exactly.
What type of meat?
It's a mix of top and round chuck. Got it.
Salt and pepper.
We add onion, garlic, and bacon back in the pot, stir it all together, and add the flour.
Got it.
Gonna build a little roux off of the fat.
Exactly.
The apple cider vinegar.
The beer. Which type of beer is this?
It's a good dark ale. Okay.
And then some Dijon.
This is what we call in Belgian sirop de Liège.
Sirop
de Liège. de Liège.
This is really the secret of the dish.
They gather all the apples, all the pear, put them in a big container, reduce it, and we use that as a natural sweetener.
And last but not least, the bouquet garni?
Bouquet garni.
So, parsley, bay leaf, thyme, and peppercorns.
Exactly.
And then we're gonna let it cook for about an hour and a half.
We're gonna place some frites on the plate, serve the carbonnade.
Hmm.
And then we add just a little bit of pickled onions, and this is our chipotle mayonnaise.
Mm.
It's tender, but not falling apart, and there's rich, dark beer being used in there, so you get that note.
And are you supposed to dip the frites in the mayonnaise, or you dip it in this, or
You can alternate.
Comme ci, comme ça?
Comme ci, comme ça.
It's not super heavy. It's not overpowering.
Outrageous.
Carbonnade is up.
It's made just like in Belgium.
I lived there for a long time, and they nailed it.
To find a traditional Belgian place like yourself is outrageous.
We're hanging out in Cincinnati on Vine Street at the Taste of Belgium.
You got to come back.
I think we're gonna make pretzels, and my recommendation would be, add some beer cheese.
Welcome back.
We're hanging out in Cincinnati, Ohio, at the Taste of Belgium, and this man served me waffles like I've never had before.
Out of bounds. Chef, what are we making next?
We're gonna make some Belgian pretzel.
Okay, get going.
Yeast, sugar, water. Okay.
We're gonna give it a whisk, get it bubbling, and then add the beer.
Then the flour.
Salt.
And then we put the dough hook in. Argh, Captain.
How long we let this go?
For about 8 to 10 minutes.
Then we portion it out.
and then just cut through it.
ok at this And then we're gonna flatten it, roll it.
Let me s this little, funky knot you do.
It's the Belgian way.
Everything that I don't understand, you call a Belgian way.
Nobody knows the first thing about Belgium, so. Yeah, so you just say, Oh, that's how we do it in Belgium. All right, so, we'll let these proof how long? About t hours.
They get boiled, brushed with egg wash, and then put in the oven 12 minutes at 425.
Now we're going to make
Beer cheese.
We add cream cheese, Swiss cheese, smoked Gouda, cinnamon, nutmeg, and then some heavy cream.
Put some water in there.
We're gonna put these in the water in the oven?
That's correct, so that it doesn't burn.
How long is this gonna go in?
That's gonna go in for about 20 minutes.
At? 350.
And we're gonna add the beer.
What we use is a raspberry-flavored Belgian beer. Okay.
And it adds a very unique flavor to the beer cheese. I can imagine.
Cork pops Yahtzee!
[laughs] Hey!
That's a party.
Did that make the Jumbotron? [laughs] And then we're gonna finish blending.
Serve that with a pretzel.
Good idea. I come up with the all the time.
Wow.
A little parsley.
So, what we're gonna do with the pretzel is brush with a little bit of water and put some coarse salt on.
The texture on the pretzel is real authentic.
Great crust on it.
I mean, it just smells great.
The beer cheese is rich, super flavorful.
Do not think you're getting, you know, a side of nacho cheese dipping sauce.
This is a meal.
Outstanding, sir. Very nice job. Thank you.
I love the Belgian beer cheese and pretzels.
It's crunchy on the outside, chewy on the inside.
Blows us away. We have it often.
Ladies and gentlemen, the famous Jeff Ruby.
Jeff has a fantastic group of restaurants in the Cincinnati area.
They do a great job, and the food's terrific.
It's nice to s such an interesting and unique restaurant down here.
We're just happy to have him.
When you walk through those doors off of Vine Street, you got to kind of catch yourself and look around because you're in another country.
Thank you, thank you. This is really a great experience.
Up next, one more stop on Vine
That pile will make you smile. with a legit Cincinnati take
Nice! on the taco?
Outstanding. Let's make a taco.
Now, this area has had a lot of ups and downs throughout the years, where they're serving up Mexican street tacos.
This is Bakersfield.
Table 8, pastora, cochinita, two fish.
I like to eat a lot of tacos. I like to drink a lot of beer.
So I get to come here and do just that.
It's a little more of a Southwest style of food.
That south-of-the-border concept was the brainchild of brothers Joe and John Lanni and good buddy Alex Blust who opened this place in 2012.
Record needle scratches What do you guys in Cincinnati know about great Mexican food?
We wanted to be approachable, affordable, and fun.
We thought tacos would be a really good vehicle for that.
And the man behind these tantalizing tacos is Chef Chas Barracato.
T short-rib tacos.
Mainly, I just stick to the short rib 'cause they're just so good.
It's a meatiness going on, and then you got that radicchio, which is bitter, just to cut it.
It all equals out and tastes awesome.
What are we gonna make?
We are going to make our short-rib marinade for our short-rib tacos. Give me the rundown, man.
First, we're gonna take our roasted tomatoes.
All right. Come on, get up there.
Ah!
Got beef stock, chipotle chili.
In adobo, very nice.
Tomato paste.
Whole garlic.
Brown sugar.
And kosher salt.
So, what's the next step?
're gonna braise our short ribs.
Okay, so, all we're gonna do is hit it with salt and pepper.
Wow.
So, the goal here is to just sear each side, get great crust all the way around.
BARRACATO: Absolutely.
All right, buddy, next.
We're gonna add cinnamon sticks, a few bay leaves.
Let's add the marinade.
Now, how long are we gonna let this braise in the oven?
We're gonna cook it at 350 for about 4 1/2 to 5 hours.
Take it.
Look at that.
Let's make a taco. Okay.
Look at this thing Then we're gonna take our braising liquid, a pinch of salt, a pinch of pepper, some of our fresh tortillas.
We're gonna take our shredded short ribs.
And hit the crema and queso fresco.
Pickled white onions.
Cilantro.
 And then we're gonna finish it off with slices of radish.
It's got a lot of street taco going right there.
The tortilla is very light.
The short rib, it's tender, not over seasoned.
Love the cinnamon in there.
This is a really elevated taco.
I mean, the whole thing comes together fantastic.
Mm.
T short-rib tacos.
They're nice and juicy. They've got a nice crunch to it.
Finished on a corn tortilla.
It doesn't get more authentic than that in the middle of the heartland.
So you guys are making handmade tortillas?
Absolutely.
We usually do about 2,000.
Every day? Every day.
But it's not just tortillas and tacos here No, they're also turning out the tortas.
Milanesa torta. I had the chicken milanesa.
It's my favorite sandwich.
It's something with the bread.
It's a nice, crispy chicken cutlet.
What are we up to now? Our chicken milanesa torta.
Okay.
Gonna take water to start off.
Honey, kosher salt, black pepper, bay leaves.
We've got our seven-ounce chicken breasts here.
How long is this chicken gonna brine? Minimum 24 hours.
All right, so, the chicken's brined.
We're gonna pound the breasts.
Next we're gonna take our egg wash, put it into the bread crumbs.
Let the bread crumbs adhere to it, and then Yes, we're gonna let 'em go for about t hours.
And then this is gonna go to the fryer? Yes.
Ready to rock.
Fried chicken breast.
Take our telera roll, add black bean spread to the bottom of it.
Take our fresh tomatillo salsa.
Put a line right down the center, chicken breast on top Dig it. We're gonna hit it with a little dressed arugula salad with some lemon.
That pile will make you smile. Avocado mayo.
And now we're gonna go to the panini press.
Absolutely.
Just gonna cut it on the bias.
Get our plate.
Gonna serve it with a little tomatillo salsa.
Big torta.
The flavor that's going on in here, you're not getting a big fried-chicken sandwich.
Right.
You're getting a thin, crisp, tender chicken using the bean spread genius.
The arugula and the tomatillo salsa, I mean, it's what ties it all together.
It's really good, man. Appreciate it.
Anything with black bean, I love.
It's got that little peppery flavor with the arugula.
Your chicken milanesa.
d give this from a true restaurant vet.
Since I was 14.
It's one of the greatest joys a parent can have in life, to have your children do what you did and be really successful at it.
There is a wait all the time, but you just have to be patient.
You just have to know that it's gonna happen.
And once it happens, you're in heaven.
this is rockstar. Nice job, Chef.
So, that's it for this trip, but don't worry.
There's plenty more Triple D joints all over the country!
I'll be looking for you next week on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. Have we ever been to jail together?
Uh, no comment.
No Comment, that's exactly where I thought we were.
No Comment's in Utah.
It's a small little town right outside of Salt Lake.
Hey, everybody. I'm Fieri, and we're rolling out looking for America's greatest diners, drive-ins, and dives.
This trip. This is gonna be good.
we're going coast to coast
One of my many talents.
for some killer cultural cuisine.
Something funky, something a little off the beaten path.
In Los Angeles, California
There's lot going on here.
an authentic taste of the Big Easy
It is like I'm in N'awlins.
smack-dab in the middle of Chinatown.
That is outrageous.
No, it really is.
Then in East L. A
We just dropped the hammer!
a funky fusion joint spicing up Far-East flavor
I'm ripping that one off, man.
with a south-of-the-border spin.
This just turned into a gigantic Mexican maki roll.
And in Charlotte, North Carolina
En garde.
a one-of-a-kind pizzeria
You learn something new every day.
serving up a slice of Serbia.
Yes, sir. Yes, Serbian.
That's all right here, right now, on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. So, I got one for you.
y would a dude from New Orleans that's been living in Los Angeles for the last 18 years decide to open a Cajun-Creole joint in old Chinatown?
Because of
the smoker?
This, I got to see.
Welcome to the Little Jewel of New Orleans.
Chaurice is up.
It's amazing how delicious this place is.
Po'boy and half and half.
Marcus is definitely bringing New Orleans to L. A.
in a big way.
And when Louisiana native Marcus Christiana-Beniger started looking for the right kitchen to turn out a New Orleans menu, well, it led him right to Chinatown.
Southeast Louisiana We smoke a lot You name it Tasso seasoning ham, boudin, andouille.
So, it's important to us that we have a smoker of some size, and any Chinese restaurant worth its salt is gonna have a large one.
In 2014, he hit the jackpot.
So, the main reason to get this joint is because of a big kitchen.
Big kitchen, large smoker.
Echoing Can you hear me?
Echoing No.
[laughter] Half and half po'boy.
I'm sitting here with Miss Alice Wong, who was Miss Chinatown this year.
How do the folks in Chinatown feel about this crazy Cajun opening up this joint in an old Chinese restaurant?
It's awesome.
It's definitely welcome.
This food is about as authentic as it gets.
Cochon de Lait.
Today, I'm having the Cochon de Lait.
It's absolutely delicious.
Pork, pork, pork, pork, pork, pork in a po'boy.
First off, we're gonna get our rub going.
Our house Creole seasoning right here.
Dark chili powder.
Some light chili powder.
Cayenne.
We're gonna finish off with some salt.
We're gonna take the pork and make about 12 to 15 incisions.
Then slide whole toes of garlic.
This is gonna get a chance to break down and really perfume all the way through this.
Now green Tabasco pepper.
So, I'm just gonna cover all of it.
Ooh, there you go, right in there.
We're gonna put our chicken stock in on the sides, and then finally, we're gonna finish it off with our rub.
Nice, big, fat coating up on top.
You should really think about opening up a Cajun joint. [chuckles] We're gonna cover it with plastic and then foil make sure we got a rely tight seal on that.
Cook it for 8½½ to 12 hours around 230 to 250.
What's up next? Creole slaw.
We got cabbage.
Shredded carrots, some shredded white onions.
Gonna finish that off with some sliced green onions.
Lightly toss.
Our wet ingredients are Blue Plate may
but it's mostly about the cheese.
Righteous.
And then we're just gonna add our roasted peppers.
So that's basically it.
All right. Let's go.
We're gonna make the famous tomato soup that goes along with the pimento mac and cheese grilled cheese.
Yes. Little oil.
Gonna start charring these onions. Okay.
Fennel seeds, chili flake, garlic.
We're just gonna sweat this out, get some color.
San Marzano tomatoes.
So just roasted San Marzano, a little bit of olive oil.
A little bit of olive oil and some roasted red peppers.
And we're actually gonna add a little bit of veal stock 'cause this soup is vegan.
We're just gonna blend it with our stick blender.
Fire in the hole. Fire in the hole.
Okay. Leave it a little bit chunky.
'Cause it's funky when it's chunky.
[chuckles] Okay.
We're gonna put a little bit of turbinado sugar.
And then we're gonna add the baking soda, which helps alkaline the tomatoes.
And it brings out all flavors.
It's like night and day.
So how long are we gonna let this simmer?
Just for 20 minutes, and then it's good.
This is done, sits there and simmers.
Now we make the sandwich, put it all together.
Yes, sir. Okay.
Assembly time.
So we're gonna butter the bread.
This is our special butter mix.
Which is? Butter and mayo.
I like it.
Pimento mac and cheese, some of our beautiful local tomatoes, bacon bits, and then we finish it off with the same cheddar that we've just sliced.
then we go to the grill. Yeah.
Get it.
And we press it down.
How long's that take to melt?
About t and a half minutes on each side.
It's all melty.
Cut them halfway.
We present it open-faced you can s all the goodness. Okay.
And we serve it up with some of our house-made pickles.
So the roasted red pepper and tomato soup.
Little basil oil on top.
Pimento mac and cheese melt.
Rustic, sweet, a little bit of spice.
That basil oil's the bomb.
I got to try this sandwich by itself.
What'd you think about that?
You know what? I'll tell you something if you're left with just mac pimento by itself
it's really not enough texture.
Yeah. Texture was the word.
But you put the pasta in there and the tomato a little bit of spice coming out of that, as well.
This is where it goes on.
Uh-huh. Yeah.
That's how you do it. This is so good.
I'm gonna go into, like, a little dream sequence.
I am telling you what this just takes me back to childhood.
It's a labor of love, so we better produce, right?
They call it The Grilled Cheeserie. [chuckles] We're the place where grilled cheeses are made.
We're the place where dreams about grilled cheeses are fulfilled.
[chuckles] I got a pimento mac going out with the soup.
You can never go wrong with that combination.
So you've only been in Nashville for a month?
And I've already eaten here an embarrassing amount of times.
Seriously? Yeah.
Here, everybody's got to wait in line.
mm This joint's even catering to country star royalty.
I come to Nashville, I expect to see, you know, some superstars, but Trace Adkins at a grilled cheeserie.
This is gourmet right here, man.
House-made pimento cheese, local cheddar, macaroni that's this sandwich.
He reads the menu of a food truck and makes it sound like a country song.
This is a food-truck mecca.
This does it. This is it.
Trace, good luck on tour, brother.
Thank you, Guy. Appreciate it.
Wow. Nashville what a town.
I mean, Trace I should have given him a ride or something.
Tis squeal Not again.
Coming up. Hit it, Danny.
we're staying in Nashville, but headed to the house that grandma built.
I can do that! So I'm about t miles west of downtown Nashville on Murphy Road to check out a joint where a chef, who's a transplant from New York City he's had a couple places.
You've probably heard of them The Dancing Bear, The Red Rooster, and for the last 15 years, he's been rocking this place.
This is Caffé Nonna.
Pickup, table five.
I start craving it through the week.
It's like I'm in Italy. Really?
Whether you're eating meatball arrabiata
The balance of the flavors is just wonderful.
or the seafood Angelina
The best Italian dish I've ever had.
The home-style preparation feels like you're sitting at grandma's house.
So it's fitting chef Danny Maggipinto named the joint for the woman who first got him into cooking.
My interest came from watching my grandmother cook.
But, you know, she never had any recipes, so I used to try to watch her.
And when I asked her what she put in it, she said, A little bit of this, little bit of that, a little bit of this. So while studying at culinary school helped him learn the science, his nonna's at the heart of every dish
like his take on her Italian classic.
We've got the lasagna.
Piled eight layers high.
Hit it, Danny.
We've got the filling for the lasagna.
So what we have here is some whole-milk ricotta cheese.
Okay. Add the cream to it.
Shallots, garlic, sage, dried oregano, dried basil, crushed red pepper.
Salt and pepper. Then we whip it.
 Whip it good. See?
All right, so what we're gonna do first when we layer these all together, we're going to add some marinara sauce.
Next lasagna sheets.
A nice, fresh lasagna.
And then we add some of the ricotta mix.
Add some spinach.
Put another layer down.
And we put them in the middle, goes the butternut squash.
Rustic, baby Some more layers of lasagna going down.
Then again, we put some more of the ricotta down.
That's a lot of ricotta. A lot of ricotta.
Then we put some more of the spinach.
What, the entire garden? Very nice.
Yeah. Another layer.
Okay. All right, we put that on.
And then, to finish it off, we top it with marinara sauce.
Awesome. I mean, I've made a lot of lasagna.
I've never seen it look this rustic.
We feel really good.
Hit it with some parmesan cheese here.
We got some shredded mozzarella right here.
Okay. This goes in the oven how long?
400 degrees for about an hour, hour and a half.
Covered. Covered.
So here's our cooked-off lasagna.
Now it's ready to portion.
Look at that.
Now we put it in the pan.
Hit it with a little bit of marinara sauce.
Okay.
Hit it with some reggianito parmigiano, some mozzarella and then we put it in the oven for 10 minutes.
All right, so this is the finished product.
And what we do is we put down the the mornay sauce has a little bit of parmesan in it.
Take a little bit of Swiss chard that's been steamed.
Then we take the lasagna.
There we go.
Little bit of marinara sauce like that.
Wow.
Hit it with some parmesan cheese, a little bit of fresh basil.
And then these are some fried julienne carrots, julienne zucchini, and julienne squash.
Nothing wrong with that.
And that's all she wrote. And that's all she wrote.
That's lasagna nonna.
And this is the kind of lasagna that your grandmother would make when you we This is sort of my version.
I wanted to put a little spin on it.
You know what I like, is look at the amount of spinach this puts on his lasagna.
Nice, big, thick noodles in there.
You definitely don't hold back on the cheese.
Three different sauces in there.
I mean, you put a lot of time and work into it.
Yes, sir. It tastes like it.
Nice job, chef. Thank you.
Really nice.
We've got the lasagna.
It's delicious. Extremely tasty.
What was that? It was the lasagna.
There's really not much left of it now. No.
They put themselves into what they're doing.
And it comes out in the food.
And for chef Danny, it's more than just about making his customers happy.
He's also cooking in the memory of his daughter Zoe.
MAGGIPINTO: After she passed away, I wanted was the raising money for it by selling his nonna's marinara to the public.
If people want to help out, is there a website?
Well, they can go to comfort. org.
And if they want to get your tomato sauce, they can go online at your place.
They can go online to Nonna's Gourmet Foods, and they can order it through there.
He just creates amazing food that is fresh and real.
So that's what we love.
I see why you're doing so well and why Nashville loves you.
You got to check this out and buy that marinara sauce.
nonnasgourmetfoods. com get more info.
Up next, we're headed to Kansas City, Missouri, for some sweet songs
Yeah, yeah, yeah, fry fry, fry
and dibs on the dumplings.
Winner, winner, chili pepper wonton for dinner!
Yeah!
So I'm here in Kansas City, Missouri.
Now, I can almost promise you I've been in this neighborhood before.
Bookstore looks super familiar.
And if I'm right take a look at this, right t++re that was Bell Street Mama a joint that we shot in season three, and then they moved to a larger location.
I mean, to think, the place I'm about to visit was here pp the same time I shot it.
I could have double-dipped. I could have shot both Ugh. I'm not gonna miss it this time.
This is Blue Koi.
It is traditional Chinese, but it's a bit of twist
Firebird chicken's ready!
MAN: It's not Kung Pao chicken.
It's not General Tso's chicken.
It's just a whole different game, whole different kind of food.
How you doing there, Jane?
'cause the Chang siblings a serving up Chinese-family recipes mixed with big-time personality.
Chicken lettuce wrap!
Got it! Got it!
For brother Scott working the front of the house to sisters Jane and Mindy cooking in the back.
T order chili pepper won tons here!
Okay, got it!
Who's a better cook you or your sister?
Of course my sister. She's right over there.
We'll stick with Mindy for now 'cause she's cooking up one of my all-time favorites.
Chili pepper won ton!
It's fabulous. It's the perfect meal.
It's awesome. It's bomb.
It's bomb? It's bomb. Yes.
We need the soy sauce, vinegar.
Is it rice wine vinegar or is it regular vinegar?
This is regular vinegar. Ok.
Yeah. Sesame oil, white pepper, sugar.
Garlic? Garlic. Yes.
Cilantro. Cilantro.
Lots of it. They say you like cilantro.
We chopped extra for you. Green onion.
And a home-made hot oil.
And we'll just stir. And that's all she wrote.
Fantastic. Yes.
[whistles] Next, we're gonna make chili pepper won ton filling.
Okay. Okay.
Ground pork.
Ground pork, ground chicken, and chopped shrimp.
I like it.
A little bit of soy sauce.
Rice wine, sesame oil, white pepper

green onion.
Okay, and we'll just mix it really well.
Okay. Yeah.
And then we're gonna let it sit for 10, 20 minutes just to let it all marinate together.
Marinate a little bit. Okay.
Next? We're gonna make the chili pepper won ton.
There we go.
And we'll just kind of seal the t sides.
Seal the deal. Got it.
And so then that way, the meat won't fall out.
Yeah.
Okay, and then put a little bit on the side here.
There we go. And just fold it.
And ooh. All right.
That's when the magic happens.
And that one's yours.
How many come wait, what are you doing?
You know how many I make of these at home.
I just want to see it, you know, with my own eyes.
You want to see it with your own eyes? Yeah.
I don't think mine looks right.
Is that right? Yep.
Okay, so now we're gonna pan-fry these?
Yep.
And I like it crispy.
All right, then we'll just make it extra for you.
We ready to go? Yep.
Okay. Nice and crispy for you.
There you go.
And we're gonna put this awesome sauce in there.
There you go.
Mm. I love the vinegar smell in that.
Little sweet, little heat.
These are awesome.
Mm.
This dipping sauce is ridiculous.
Now, as everybody at home knows, I'm a huge Chinese-food fan.
So just for scientific purposes, I'm gonna have eight more.
Awesome job. Yes.
Winner, winner, chili pepper won ton for dinner at Blue Koi! Yeah!
They're incredible.
Quite a nice kick.
So what do you think makes the food so great?
Love.
Love for sure.
They've really become, like, the family that I have in the city.
There's no hello, goodbye. It's just like I never really left.
All right, so here's the deal we're hanging out at Blue Koi in Kansas City, Missouri, making you got it Chinese food.
So we have t sisters.
We're gonna cook with the next one.
Welcome back.
Triple D hanging out in Kansas City at Blue Koi.
Now this is Jane, and I cooked with Minnie.
But now Jane's Mindy's sister, and they share the same birthday, but different year. Did I get that right?
That correct. I'm so confused.
So, Jane, what are we gonna make?
Okay, we're going to make the firebird chicken on noodles.
Firebird chicken's ready!
The firebird chicken is my favorite really good stuff.
You get a little bit spicy. You get some sweet.
It's stuff you can't get other places in town. I love it.
Firebird chicken. Right.
We need to marinate the chicken first.
Marinate the chicken? Yes.
Got it. Sliced chicken breasts.
And then we need to add a little bit of water into it because you need to massage them.
You massage the chicken.
Until all the water go in t chicken.
And then we add some cornstarch into it so the moisture will be held into it.
Massage, massage, massage, you know?
Is that a massage song you're singing?
Yeah. Yeah. To the chicken.
And they are happy, so my customers they are very happy, you know? That's how we cook.
You're as crazy as your sister.
[laughs] And then a little bit of ginger onion oil we make in-house.
And then that way, when you cook, they don't stick together. Got it.
You got to brown both sides?
Brown it both sides.
And then I put the noodles in the water.
That you make here in-house?
We make in-house.
So we'll add some seasoning in there We put the garlic and the rice wine.
Here comes fire.
Here comes fire. Now we add the sugar, soy sauce, Chinese barbecue sauce, nice red pepper.
That you make here in-house.
We make in-house. Red chili.
A little bit of chicken broth into it.
And bamboo shoot in there and the green onions.
Our chicken's ready, noodles ready we're ready to plate.
So we'll put a little bit of our house-made ginger onion oil and a little bit of soy sauce into the bowl and pick up the noodles.
S what I'm saying? S what I'm saying?
Look at that. You don't s that everywhere.
And we toss them.
Firebird is ready.
Going to be fire. XX's spicy. Very spicy.
It's fire that's why it's called firebird. Fire.
Too hot. Too hot.
Another song. Ha ha ha ha.
Ah ah Kidding.
[laughs] Mm. There's some heat.
No question. The noodle is awesome.
Nice texture to it. Al dente.
Everything you want a little spice, a little fresh veg, great texture of the noodle, super tender chicken.
Not typical Chinese food. You got to come trit.
It's just so good. It's kind of got, like, this smokey, like, Asian barbecue flavor.
I've been coming here about nine years.
I come like three days a week.
It's like eating in someone's kitchen.
Firebird chicken!
Jane, that looks wonderful!
It's just amazing comfort food.
Nice job. Yes!
You got a song for me?
It goes Yeah, yeah, yeah, fry, fry, fry
The you go. Come on down for the musical.
So, that's it for this road trip, but don't worry.
We got plenty more joints to find all over this country!
I'll be looking for you next time on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. Wow!
Nailed it!
[laughter] Hey, I'm Fieri, and we're rolling out on a special edition of Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives in Italy.
This trip. Oh!
we're filling up on the flavors of Florence It's delicious.
First, a serious spaghetteria. I love this guy.
Keeping it in the family for over 50 years.
Great food with great people.
You're the perfect example.
Then, a second-generation chef
You're a character, man. dishing out his own twist on tradition.
I've never had a pasta like that.
Plus, a fiery, fresh pizzeria
Geez. You load that up.
piling on a true Italian experience.
Oh, that's killer, man.
From pasta to pollo
The original chicken nugget.
get ready for some of the best on the Boot.
Oh, twoforks?
Yeah, you think that's what I need, huh?
Horn honks So, when you think about the big cities in Italy, what do you think of?
Well, of course, you got Rome, you got Naples, you got Venice, and in the top five, right here in Florence.
And they've got it all the museums, the Duomo, and, of course, restaurants.
You got pizzerias, pasterias, and old-school icon joints like this place Fratelli Briganti.
This is not tourist restaurant, but is Italian restaurant for Italian people.
Everything they do is fresh.
Pronto.
The food is very good. It's homemade every y.
By this guy, chef and owner Lido Briganti.
His dad opened the place in 1960, raising his four sons in the biz.
And, today, Lido's daughter, Ema, follows the family tradition.
It's a cool name Fratelli Briganti. Brothers of Briganti? Yeah. Yeah.
A name that literally means bandi or bandit. Hmm? Bandito. Bravo, bravo, bravo.
But no bad guys here.
Just happy customers.
How long have you been coming here?
40 years.
Spaghettini pomodoro fresco.
My favorite dish is spaghettini with tomato.
And they're very know about this dish in this restaurant All right. So, what are we gonna make?
It's spaghettini de Briganti.
The spaghetti of the house. Yeah.
Okay. Let's go.
We're gonna remove t skin from the tomatoes.
Okay.
Where did you learn to cook, Chef?
Speaking Italian Speaking Italian [laughs] He stole the job, looking his brothers and his father, and then
So he watched his brothers and his father, so he stole the job from them. ÷÷ I love this guy.
Now we put them in the colander.
So, let the water drain out a little bit.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Next? Cut the garlic.
Okay.
A little bit of salt. Olive oil.
And that's the whole foundation of this?
Yeah.
Speaking Italian He's the boss. Okay.
Hand slaps Oh!
w, the pasta that has a little bit of texture to the outside of it It's not thin and sheeny.
And that's the difference, I think, in really great pasta.
mm Oh. So it goes right to the plate, huh?
All three of us are eating, I guess.
Chili flakes.
Parmesan cheese.
Olio. Okay.
Olive oil.
Very good.
Oh, two forks?
Yeah, you think that's what I need, huh?
Paul Bunyan coming for dinner?
Now a little gorgonzola, like this.
A little aqua. Around, around.
Flip the sucker over, like this.
Gonna press it down a little bit.
Crimp it.
Ready for the flattop.
My mouth is watering.
I love porcini mushrooms.
This would be close to an Italian quesadilla.
The dough is light a lot like a flour tortilla.
Pp The filling is outrageous.
The shallot, the sausage Boy, it's good.
You nailed it, buddy. Thanks, bro.
Great job.
I really like the filling.
And you cut it in half, and you get this wonderful smell.
Handmade every day, and the guys who run the joint are class acts.
What else do you do in your part-time? I'm a railroad conductor for Mass Bay.
Like I've Been Working on the Railroad?
tickets.
All my live-long day? Yeah, basically.
I want you to go ahead. Go ahead.
[laughs] Now he's in control, 'cause he's got the conductor hat on.
If you don't eat that, you're out at the next stop, bro.
All right. Chew, chew.
[laughter] And this train just keeps rolling through Flavortown.
Next up, another Old Country shout-out.
Rosette.
It's pasta with cheese and ham.
It's got a nice, little crusty area on top, but then it's soft and delicate underneath.
Rosette's outstanding.
What are we gonna make next?
We're gonna make rosette little roses.
When they're cooked, they look like little, cooked white roses. Okay.
There's the dough for the rosette.
So, the sheets have been par-cooked off a little bit.
 I'm gonna add the cooked prosciutto and the Fontina cheese now.
You want to take one side, and I'll take the other?
Both stammering Hey. Hey. How you doing? [laughs] Ready? Hey. Roll.
Are we rolling it tight? Yeah, tight. All right, Guy, let's move.
We're gonna bring the cutting board in, cut them up, place them in the pan.
We're gonna add cream.
Nutmeg? What have you got here?
A little nutmeg, a little black pepper.
This is gonna be awesome.
We're gonna cork 'em now with a little piece of aluminum foil.
What temperature? How long?
450. 40 minutes or so.
I don't know that I'm gonna be able to eat all of it, but I'll sure try.
Oh, my gosh, man. This is crazy.
Mm. What this is This is a ham-and-cheese sandwich meets lasagna.
It's light but super flavorful, not overly salty.
That is a stick-to-your-ribs, you are so happy that your mom is making this for you kind of meal.
The presentation alone, I just want to jump right in and eat.
It's simple, and I think that that's what Simple but done right. That's it.
Very lucky that Boston has a place like Casa Razdora.
This place, at lunch, I've heard the reputation line down the street.
But what about at night?
when is it? At night, we shut down.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Nobody told me this!
Saturdays and Sundays off.
So, one day, I'm gonna call you and ask you to stay open till 7:00.
Don't worry about it, bro.
[laughs] Up next, in Cincinnati, Ohio
[laughs] a Jamaican joint
I heard the chicken is ridiculous.
where the spice definitely nice.
This is the basting technique? Yeah, mon.
I love it.
you know, people get in the restaurant business for all kinds of reasons.
For a lot of them, well, it's a family connection, for some, it's a life passion, and for others, well, they s an opportunity and they just run with it.
I'm here in Cincinnati, Ohio, right over by the university, to check out a joint where I hear the food is amazing and it's got a story to match.
This is Island Frydays.
Brown stew chicken. It's paradise.
It really is a little island in the middle of Cincinnati for Jamaican food.
Oxtail, ready.
This is authentic Jamaican food. There's no doubt.
I don't feel. I don't think. I know.
All cranked out by Jamaican-born, self-trained chef Leo Morgan, who's known in these parts for more than just cooking.
I was the number-one outside linebacker in the nation out of junior college coming to U.C.
I played strong-side linebacker.
You played. You got injured. Yes.
How did you end up in the restaurant? I used to always cook for my teammates.
Every Friday was Island Frydays.
That's how we have the name on the building I just said, You know what?
Let's just keep it Island Frydays. Which meant swapping out the gridiron for the griddle in '09.
Tackling people, and now we're tackling chicken.
Its a different story you know?
Everybody's told me about this chicken.
I mean, I heard the chicken is ridiculous.
Oh, the jerk chicken is the bomb.
That's what we say. [laughs] Jerk chicken, ready.
So, what are we gonna start with first, here?
Well, we're gonna wash the chicken with vinegar.
Just distilled white vinegar?
Yeah, mon, regular.
And now the water.
Basically, just getting off the excess blood, you know?
But it's also adding a hint of flavor. Yes.
Okay. And dry them off.
I don't want too much water.
We're gonna add all-purpose seasoning.
Just a regular season salt? Yeah.
Not too salty.
We're gonna season this chicken again? Yeah.
Now we're gonna add the jerk seasoning.
So, this looks like the regular cast of characters when I do my jerk.
And this right here?
Pimento seed What you guys call allspice. Right, we call it allspice.
Comes from the pimento tree? Yes, sir.
This is gonna be the base of your seasoning.
Now we have the Scotch bonnet pepper.
Habaneros.
Onions. Onions.
He's very graceful.
Green onions.
Ginger.
Garlic.
[laughs] It's like an offering to the gods.
the soy sauce and vinegar in.
And then we're ready for blending.
Mm Taste it? Yeah, mon.
You have to get a bigger spoon, a deeper spoon, man. Come on.
Jamaican accent A deeper spoon, mon.
Spice up your life, mon.
Yeah. Wow, mon.
Want some water?
Normal voice Ah, no.
[laughs] Now we're gonna season the chicken. Okay.
And rub it in by hand? Yes, sir.
You want to use it lightly, 'cause it's heavy, you know?
Yeah, yeah, it's spicy.
Delicious, though. Right.
All right, so, we let this go for day, and then we'll throw it on the grill. Yes, sir.
I spray it with a Red Stripe. All right.
This is the basting technique? Yeah, man.
I love it.
So, now we're gonna pull this off?
All right.
Basically, we're just gonna cut up.
Like butter.
Easy.
Yeah, with here and peas.
Some cabbage.
Some plantains.
Piece of chicken. Some of the finishing sauce.
Same jerk rub, we just You know, we cook it down.
I like it, mon. Appreciate it.
The wood flavor makes all the difference.
It's the foundation of it.
The rub isn't as hot. Good.
as when I tasted it straight out of the mixer, but it's really deep in the chicken.
That 24 hours really did a lot fort.
Get a little bit of that allspice, a little bit of sweet from the plantain.
Yes, sir.
That's a ton of flavor.
Mm! This is outstanding.
The jerk-chicken platter. Oh, it's amazing.
It has the spice to it, and it has a sweetness to it.
Beautifully smoked, got a nice coat on the outside
Hits the spot for me.
I fell in love with the cooking.
I got a little bit of Caribbean in me, so it's like a second home compared to the football field.
You play ball at the University of Cincinnati?
Yes, sir. If it wasn't for Leo, we wouldn't be this big.
Honestly. [laughs] Okay, I got to stick around this place, so when we come back
We're gonna make the escovitch snapper.
an off-the-hook Jamaican take on seafood. Killer.
Triple D is parked in Cincinnati, Ohio, for some righteous Jamaican at Island Frydays.
When I can't g a good home-cooked meal from my mom, I love to come here.
That's because here, ex-linebacker Leo Morgan's making the hits he grew up with.
As long as Leo checks it, you become a fan of it.
Escovitch fish, ready.
Escovitch sauce is a traditional sauce that we use normally on the fish, which is made of natural herbs and spices from Jamaica.
They cook it the way I like it.
It's unbelievable.
We're gonna make the escovitch snapper.
Right now, we're gonna clean up the fish, the red snapper.
But first, we're gonna doctor him up, you know, take off all the unnecessary parts.
Just clean him up, give him a better presentation.
And then you'll just scale tm out.
Good to go.
So, you'll lay a couple cuts into him. Yeah.
Your choice. You know, you have your fish seasoning.
It's a nice island-flavor fish seasoning.
Lotion him up.
What? Lotion him up.
That's a new one. I haven't heard this one yet.
When we're putting this on, what are we doing?
We lotion up the fish.
And let it marinate, and we'll make the escovitch sauce? Right.
Got it. We're gonna do vinegar.
Scotch bonnet.
Onions.
Carrots.
Sweet peppers, just for color and taste.
Pimentos. [whistles] Then we're gonna finish that with some more vinegar. More vinegar?
And we're gonna let that simmer down? Yeah, come to a boil.
How long does that take? About 10 minutes.
And then once we cook the fish, we're gonna dip the fish in that? Yes, sir.
Bye-bye, fish.
And how long will that cook? 5 minutes.
Some yellow rice.
And calalu. What is calalu?
Jamaican greens.
And plantains again.
Now we're just gonna dip it on one side, not for too long.
And then we'll change him and turn him on the other side.
And that's how you do it? That's it.
d he's good to go.
I'll finish him off with some garnish.
Crazy.
Outstanding.
The fish is super moist.
Not oily.
e skin is fantastic.
The vinegar is just the right amount of acid.
And what's in the yellow rice?
Mixed vegetables Scotch bonnet, green onions, onions.
The calalu?
Same thing Scotch bonnet, green onion, tomatoes.
Killer.
Oh, the fish is wonderful.
You sweating? Oh, yeah.
Yeah, mon!
You can't get no better than that, you know?
It's all the love, you know?
I just try to basically do the best I can, you know?
This is not about money.
It's about basically pleasing somebody's taste buds, you know?
You're an amazing cat, man. Nice to hang with you.
Appreciate you, Guy.
Yeah, mon.
Up next, in Duluth, Minnesota
Thailand, Duluth.
a Far East-Midwest mash-up
Look at you, Chef Fusion.
going way beyond traditional Thai. Got to come s this girl.
been in the news a lot lately.
For chicken that hasn't crossed an ocean, look for Pdue.

You know, I'm just like you.
I'm out cruising around, and all of a sudden, I get this hankering for some, I don't know, like, Southeast Asian cuisine, and, well, I just happen to be, like, on the North Shore of Lake Superior.
I mean, it could happen.
You know, I'm on Grand Avenue, right here in west Duluth, Minnesota, just a couple blocks away from the Wisconsin border, and I found the joint you got to check out.
This is Pak's Green Corner.
Summer roll.
Oh, I just love Pak's food.
We came here the day she opened, and we've been coming back ever since.
All right, hi, folks. How's it going?
There's a little bit of Pak in every dish.
She's a saucy little number.
[laughs] Pak is short for get this Kamolpak Supa-Oath Williams, who left Thailand, settled in Minnesota, and opened her roadside namesake in 2012.
Thailand, Duluth.
Yeah.
I want to find a new opportunity, and I fall in love with Lake Superior.
And the feeling's mutual.
These locals are loving k's authentic Thai and her culinary twists.
Pad Thai burrito.
Oh, the pad Thai burrito is my favorite.
I get that almost every time I come in here.
What dish are we gonna make?
Pad Thai burrito.
Look at you, Chef Fusion. [laughs] What are we gonna make first? We do peanut sauce Start from oil.
Curry paste.
And this is sugar.
Then we stir it together, and after that, we add coconut milk.
Vinegar? Yep.
And a little salt? Yep.
And then peanut butter and ground peanut.
And that's the pea t sauce. Yeah, peanut sauce.
Okay. All right.
Now we do pad Thai burrito mix.
We start with oil.
Now eggs.
And then chicken, carrot, cabbage, fresh garlic, and salted daikon. Okay.
Rice noodles.
Then we add water.
And then pad Thai sauce.
A little bit ketchup for the color.
A little bit paprika.
And then stir-fry sauce. Stir-fry sauce.
Scallion.
When it's ready. we add this.
And then put the pad Thai.
Peanut sauce.
Cayenne pepper. Okay.
And we roll it.
All right.
Nice job.
That's delicious pad Thai.
The fact that you could put it into a burrito, into something that I can eat portable, is genius.
Just the way you rolled it, just the way you make it so inviting excellent.
Awesome job.
Thank you.
That peanut sauce is to die for.
The flavor just snaps in your mouth.
I get cravings for it.
Like, Oh, I have to go eat that. There's a lot of Asian food, so what's the difference?
How do you explain Thai food?
Thai food is more light, and the sauce It's not too thick like Chinese
Right. and not too greasy.
And don't forget about curry
Lamb kart curry for you, Jim.
another Thai staple Pak's got covered.
It's a lot more intense than a lot of other foods.
The lamb kar curry is the best.
Okay, what are we gonna make next?
Lamb kar curry. ay.
This is the lamb that I already cleaned.
Okay.
So, we're gonna cut in a small piece.
Okay.
And then we will marinate with coffee.
To cut down on the gaminess. Yeah.
And we wrap it How long are we gonna let this marinate?
Overnight.
So, the lamb marinated in the coffee. Yeah.
Now we're gonna sear the lamb.
Paper towel, please.
Oh, it's a nice stand.
[laughter] My new job.
All right.
Smell good.
So, now we let these sear both sides? Yep.
Now we're gonna put it in here? Right.
Bay leaf.
And the peppercorns? Yep.
Tricolor. Water.
And 3 hours.
3 to 4 hours.
Until it's really tender.
Yeah.
And while this is going, we're gonna make the curry? Yeah.
Here's the oil, and then curry paste.
Who made the curry? I make.
What's in the curry?
Lemongrass, dry chili peppers, cumin, and paprika.
And then boiled potato.
Boiled carrot.
Zucchini.
Then whipping cream.
So, heavy cream.
And then the rib. Okay.
And stir-fry sauce.
Stir-fry sauce.
So, we will cook a little bit.
Now rice - basmati.
Basmati? Yeah Then we will dash lemon, and then cilantro.
Put the lamb.
Look at how pretty that is.
And then we top it with sour cream, and ready to go.
It's a really nice dish.
I like the curry.
I've had a lot of Thai dishes.
it has a very strong Indian flavor to it.
Yep.
I like the lamb. I like that coffee flavor.
This shows the diversity of the type of food that you have in Thailand.
Delicious.
You feel like royalty eating lamb with that.
It's just fabulous.
The lamb is tender. It's just nice and succulent.
This restaurant is a labor of love.
Pak is a person who truly cares about her customers.
Besides the fact that she's a fabulous cook, she's just the most gracious hostess.
Hello!
This is great. This is the American dream.
Tiny, little place right here on a fast road going into Duluth.
I don't think people expect when they pull in they're gonna find food with such broad profile of flavor.
You're awesome.
Got to come s this girl.
So, that's it for this road trip, but don't worry.
We got plenty more joints to find all over the country!
I'll be looking for you next time on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. [laughter] Look at the mess we made, bro.
Wait a second. Wait a second.
This is where I’ve been eating. Ah, come on.
Wait a second. This is where I've been eating.
What's going on over her Bobby? I'm sorry, bro.
[laughter] Hey, I'm Guy Fieri and we're rolling out on a special edition of Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives in Tuscany.
And we're eating up all the regional favorites
Real-deal, authentic, rustic Italian food.
like legit handmade pasta
So simple, but prepared so perfectly.
fresh Mediterranean seafood
Look at how beautiful this is.
lights-out local lamb
Tell me that doesn't look amazing.
and Tuscan with an off-the-hook twist.
Shut the back door.
Plus, I finally get my hands on truffles that couldn't be any fresher.
Pulling it right out of the ground.
Oh, man.
From scenic hilltops
This is worth the plane ticket to Italy by itself.
to picture-perfect villages. Unforgettable.
it's buon appetito all the way.
! w. o. w. !
Aa So, I'm here in the town of Collodi, partway between Florence and Pisa.
This is the birthplace of Pinocchio, but it's also the birthplace of the idea of having a Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives tour through Italy.
Oh, the food here's fantastic.
The owner He is one of a kind.
And the experience unforgettable.
This is Mangiafuoco.
Speaks Italian The food is very good.
It's more authentic. I think it's authentic.
That's what hooked me two years ago when I was traveling through Italy.
Matt Nagan and I shot the Schellville Grill in Sonoma, California.
He introduces me to these two.
They say one night, Let’s go to dinner.
We're gonna take you to this place called Mangiafuoco. And out comes out the man.
That would be crazy man Massimo Iacopini, who opened this joint with his wife, Sonia Pascucci, in '05.
Massimo is a character.
Speaks Italian I like people. I like my life.
The food in Mangiafuoco How do you describe it?
Natural food.
Natural food. Country food. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Country food.
Everything is fresh, and this is important.
Spaghetti Mangiafuoco.
The spaghetti with the capers and fresh cherry tomatoes.
It's fantastic. I love it.
You can taste everything of Italy in one dish.
The Spaghetti Mangiafuoco.
Okay. Let's go.
Olio d'oliva.
Okay, extra virgin olive oil.
Aglio. Okay, the garlic.
Cappero.
Capers.
Acciuga. Anchovy.
Your recipe?
Chef is Sonia. I test.
This is the test kitchen?
Both [laughing] Beautiful tomatoes.
I mean, that's one of the things.
Getting tomatoes in Italy is just a totally different thing.
Speaks Italian Peperoncino. Peperoncino.
Spaghetti.
We'll finish the pasta in the sauce?
Look at that.
It's very al dente.
It's light.
It's got a little bit of spice to it.
The tomatoes bring it out.
I really think the kicker for the whole thing
is the little bit of anchovy?
Very simple, but
Very wonderful.
Like you.
Laugh The pasta's really good. It was really spicy.
grown with one claw, or because I think it's legend has it
Lo at the roots on that hair!
The legend of the one-clawed lobster.
Someone missed their appointment.
[laughs] Decent-size pieces Yeah, right there behind you.
We mix it up. Little shake?
with celery and celery salt
That enough?
but there's a secret to the perfect lobster roll that I finally got Jay to spill.
How much mayonnaise do we use?
As little as you can.
Just to cover the lobster a little bit.
You don't want to put too much mayonnaise.
 -That's it? -That's it.
-That's all we mix it? -That's it.
-What a concept. -
You can actually taste the lobster.
Right off the boat. Fresh as can be.
Now, Jay only does the lobster roll on occasion when he can get the fire sale on one-claws.
'Cause he insists keeping prices down is a big part of beia real neighborhood diner.
As a broke college student, I enjoy it very much.
And this really is the neighborhood place.
e cops always know where the od food is.
Oh, definitely.
I wouldn't eat anywhere else.
Only Kelly's for breakfast. and lunch.
Nope, not dinner. They close at 3:00.
yes, how we doing? I got a decaf.
Till then, this place is full of regulars who come in so often, the waitresses actually know what they want.
You want a coffee. You want a tea. onions. They already know.
Who would want a coffee or a tea and have no onions in either one?
One part speed
There you go.
You want some here coffee?
one part attitude.
Give him some more coffee. You got it in your hand.
That was probably my first Triple D girl.
Oh, man. We had the best time.
Hey, I trying to help.
And, unfortunately, we lost her a few years ago.
But I will tell ya, every time this show would come back up, well, she'd make me smile.
It's like a lost way of life.
Everything a diner was supposed to be years ago a place to hang, to eat a great meal, and to make some friends.
I appreciate you letting me train under your tutelage.
Oh, honey, if I trained you whoa!
[laughter] Next, we're heading to New Jersey, 'cause I want to s what happens when a fireman with no diner experience decides to restore a classic.
So when I do something, I try to do it to perfect.
Oh, and your boysenberry apple scones smell about done.
Ahh, you're good.
I like to bake.
When it comes to classic American road food, no place does it bigger than New Jersey.
I mean, they got more diners than any other state.
But come check this out with me, and you'll s why you don't have to be big to be big.
This is the beginning of Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. When I got a call from the producers of the show and they said, Hey, meet us in Linden, New Jersey.
We're sending you a plane ticket, I flew on the red-eye, showed up, rolled out of the cab.
The camera and the audio walk up and say, Hey, are you with the talent for this new show? And I said, With the talent? I am the talent. They rolled their eyes and walked away.
That's how the whole show started.
What do you need, buddy?
I need food.
[laughter] The diner sits just across the street from one of the country's biggest refineries and a few miles from the port of Newark.
You want to know who was not real happy about having the camera jammed in their face?
All the dudes from the oil refinery that come over to the Bayway to get a quick burger and get back to work.
The whole family's here the father and the t sons.
Look at them.
The Torres family, all truck drivers, wouldn't even think of hitting the road without fueling up here.
For Louis, that means a sausage, egg, and cheese sandwich about five mornings a week.
What makes it so good?
I think it's the love that my friend puts in the food here.
The love. You can taste the love?
Yes. When you come in here, it tastes like food straight from home.
Your mom cooked this way?
-No, no, no. -No?
He cooks better than my mom.
Breakfast here is really killer.
Killer? Was that the first killer?
The big hitter is something called the Bayway special.
You start with a couple of eggs, add some bacon, then fry up a couple of pieces NN Taylor ham some places call that pork roll add some cheese, stack it all up, and slap it on a breakfast roll.
That's the big seller.
They named t refinery after it.
Exactly.
And if that's not enough to kick-start your day, some folks make another choice.
What are these hot cauldrons?
That's the soup.
Now, if you want to s something really interesting, take a look right there.
Look at my left arm.
No tattoos.
Homemade soup for the day.
We eat soup at breakfast in Jersey?
Sure, we do. We warm it up.
A lot of people come in here 'cause they're working the night shift at the refinery.
So they'll come in and eat, like, dinner-type items?
They'll even add cheese and bacon if you want.
Everything on it I like.
[chuckles] Except for the tomato.
Yeah, I don't eat any health food here These guys say everything here is fresher and tastier than standard fast food.
I'm supposed to stand there and ask questions like I'm on 20/20, but I don't.
I'm in the middle of the kitchen.
Pele are walking by, so I start to help.
The producer says, What was that you were doing in there? I said, I got to be involved. I got to cook a little.
I got to work with them. And he drops his clipboard and yells, We got hit. All right. Are the cameras rolling?
[laughter] What makes this totally off the hook is
Stop. That's got to be the first off the hook ever in the history of Triple D. Take a moment.
Mike had zero experience in the food biz.
Scrambled egg on white toast, please.
He's actually a Newark firefighter and co-owner with his cousin of a garbage-hauling company.
A year ago, looking for a garage for their garbage trucks, they stumbled into the diner biz.
I walked in here.
We figured, Hey, let's knock this place down.
It's old, dirty, grungy.
Let's knock it down, put up a garage And after 50 years, the place was a mess, but it was kind of a local landmark.
Some folks even tried to talk Mike into keeping it open.
And suddenly, this Jersey kid who'd gone to diners all his life thought, Hey, why not? And you shut it down because it needed to be totally Totally remodeled.
How long did it take you to refurbish it?
Two, two and a half months.
To get from this to this.
Well, we're in New Jersey.
It's got to scream, Diner. Man, is it screaming.
Now, this was the original door, right?
-Yes. -Okay, so we saved the door.
Is there anything else we saved?
Not really.
GIUNTA It's my passion.
When I do something, I try to do it to perfect.
So that had to include the food.
This is gourmet over here.
Listen, I only pick the best.
Now, how did you re him?
[chuckles] Ad in the paper.
Ad in the paper?
Out of 42 chefs.
Joe Gonzalez had been cooking at a place that had just been sold.
The timing was perfect.
And soon, Joe was turning out stuff I'd never expect to find in a nine-seat joint across from the refinery.
Like Cajun grilled chicken, marinated overnight and served over tri-colored pasta, and t versions of a Philly cheesesteak for $5. 95 totally loaded one with chicken, one with beef.
But not the pre-packaged, pre-sliced beef lots of places use.
This is top-round, seasoned and oven-baked.
But where does he do that?
Joe? -Yes, sir?
Down here in the submarine, of course.
Geez.
Turns out, there's a hidden kitchen in the basement.
IIIs there a height requirement in here?
That's where Joe really makes the magic
The hot garlic.
marinating the chicken, making the soup
Do you s the light right between Joe and I?
That's literally, like, a clamp-on light with, like, a household light bulb.
No real high-tech lighting like we have now on Triple D. We cooked this all this morning.
And especially the top round for the Philly cheesesteak.
It's got to be cold to slice it.
20 or 25 pounds at a time.
It's an overnight process.
You rub it with the base.
Joe marinates the beef, believe it or not, in chicken base, beef base, salt, and pepper.
Then he oven-roasts it with celery, onions, and carrots for t and a half hours and lets it cool
As thin as you can.
before he slices it.
He's hand-on with everything.
 Who bone, rolled, and tied this?
I did it myself.
Yeah, but you can buy it done that way.
Why do you do it yourself? -We like to do it fresh.
And it shows.
From top-round cheesesteaks
Hey, what's up, my man?
to making every customer feel welcome, the Bayway's what a diner was born to be.
And I'd rather be here than one of them big, king of commercial-type things.
Look at that.
Mike's still a little stunned to be running the kind of place he always wanted to hang out in and succeeding.
He says he'll always keep the working guys well-fed and happy.
They have his coffee ready for him. Look.
But he's expanded his hours to include the dinner crowd.
And everyone's welcome.
Just park behind the backhoe and come on in.
Get over here, man.
Next, we're headed south to a place where they pack them in by the hundreds, make meals in seconds, where they've been doing it the old-fashioned way for 60 years.
I'm coming. I'm coming.
mm For 60 years, folks around Spartanburg, South Carolina, have been in love with a local landmark called the Beacon Drive-In.
Where's the Camaro?
Oh, the Camaro didn't start until the first season.
Nope, this we borrowed a car in each town we went to.
I've never seen anything like it.
Anybody got that ham?
This place is loud.
The fact that the great people of the Beacon Drive-In let me come and shoot this show is amazing.
This is how they are every day all the time this busy.
It may look like pandemonium,
but I'm telling ya, these guys have a playbook Wrap it twice, so if it comes loose, we won't lose it, all right?
They've got a system for cranking it all out
-Keep the process rolling. -Got to keep them going.
fresh and hot in seconds.
There you go.
They'll serve 15,000 to 20,000 customers a week at a town of only 45,000 people, 2,000 meals a day.
Mouth full It tastes delicious.
Look at me just wandering around in the background here.
Hello. A mountain of French fries and homemade onion rings, a combination they call a-plenty. Chili cheese a-plenty.
I'm not kidding you. The a-plenty is the bomb.
That's their best seller, a cheeseburger topped with homemade chilli somewhere under all of this.
It comes as a double, too, or with bacon.
Or a barbecue a-plenty.
I know how you guys feel when you say, I watch your show, and I get hungry. I'm watching the show. I'm getting hungry.
Today we've got 1,000 pounds of onions we've preparedjust for today.
1,000 pounds of onionsfor one day?
One day.
Tomorrow, another 1,000.
Just so you know, they have an onion-cutting room.
Sighs It was rough.
Standing by the room was tough.
Fresh-sliced each morning
You use your stomachright there.
they're deep-fried nonstop.
Toss high 'cause it splatters, okay?
I like this part.
But the real adventure is how they collect all the scalding-hot rings when they're done in the fryer.
Oh, I know why you guys are [laughing].
Do you guys know about tongs?
[laughs] I just think that's funny.
Original owner John White Sr. opened up in 1946 a few blocks away, moved here 10 years later, and worked the counter himself for more than half a century, turning the Beacon into a local landmark folks keep coming back to
Everybody knows the Beacon.
generation after generation.
Oh, in my teens with my boyfriend.
Our parents and grandparents brought us here.
Grown up on it. [laughs] How old were you the first time you came in here?
Probably about 6 months.
And there's now a younger generation running the Beacon.
When Mr. White finally decided to retire after more than 50 years
Those are hot.
Kenny, Mark, Steve, and five other local businessmen got together to buy the place, determined to keep it what it's always been, and out of the handsof us Californians.
Then there was another companyfrom California that was interestedin buying it, and one of the reasonsthat we ended up getting it was that they knew they we would keep it and run it the way 'Cause you know those California guys would get in here.
They'd be serving sushi, next thing you know.
-And that won't go here. - [laughs] What will go here is what's gone for years.
And not just the a-plenties, but a huge menu of scratch-cooked Beacon ecials.
It is a secret, that's for sure.
From a homemade chicken stew
Chives or green onions?
Mae.
to all kinds of barbecue, pulled and sliced, pork and beef, a slow-cooked and chopped beef shoulder they call Beacon hash.
Catfish and perch, a special pimiento cheese spread that makes a bomb grilled-cheese sandwich.
Might be the fist time you heard bomb on Triple D. So this is kind of like a South Carolina panini.
Even a full breakfast whatever you want.
Biscuits and gravy, grits, and look at this.
Take a look to the right. What do you s on that shirt?
Mm, might just bea little shameless plug for a little Tex Wasabi in Santa Rosa, California.
They've even got a secret recipefor iced tea southern style, full of lemon and sugar.
I'm coming up.
This is in the beginning of me doing stupid stuff on the show, AA like climbing up on the slippery stainless-steel table when I'm scared of heights.
Awesome.
How many stirs? -I do about 10.
That's right.
Thank you, Spartanburg!Yeah!
But as big and good as the menu is here
What you gonna have, sir?
folks say the heart of this place is one amazing p==son.
When we say amazing person, we mean it.
J. C. was the best.
Ice a-plenty!
That's a barbecueham sandwich surrounded by French-friedpotatoes and onion rings.
I got a eese bacon a-plenty on the line!
J. C. Strobbles a Spartanburg institution.
He's been calling orders here for half a century.
He's lost his eyesight but not his enthusiasm or his energy.
Just say, Hot dog a-plenty. Holler it out.
Hot dog a-plenty!
There you go. Very good.
-How was that? -That's good.
We lost J. C. a few years ago, and everybody misses him.
Man, oh, man, ere's only one person that could call it.
A cheeseburger with a-plenty!
After my third try, I was shot.
-You're ready to rock 'n' roll. -I'm already hoae.
I've only done five of them.
All right, five.
You've been doing this for how many years?
-Only 50. -Only 50.
-Yeah. -And in your spare time?
In my spare time, I go to church and I go home and get my rest.
Come on.
But there's no rest for anyone while J. C. 's on point.
Just so you know, that was the first time and the last time that I ever wore an apron on Triple D. Take it down and give it to the lady with the rolls.
Hurry back. You got to hurry back.
He's gonna call again.
The orders never stop coming in.
Must be something in the water down here, but these people can eat.
It's just all in the food, and they give you lots of it.
S that room right there that girl was sitting in?
I sat in that room for clicks tongue t days.
I must've read the same newspaper 10 times.
You're not gonna find anything like the Beacon anyplace else not that I've ever seen.
60 years in, and they're still rocking and rolling.
Great Good
This is what we come for.
a one-of-a-kind experience, and some very special people you really ought to meet.
A cheeseburger with
S what time it is?
Bell dings 's 5:30.
We'd been there since 7:00 in the morning and we didn't leave until 10:00.
three days.
Up next, we're heading out to the midwest, where, for a couple in their 20s,one diner simply ain't enough.
When we got here, we justcouldn't pass it up.
Camera won't fit, and it's too dark.
the last thing you'd probably expect to find would be a 50- or 60-year-old diner.
I mean, we're not in New Jersey, but to find two of them or three of them side by side by side?
Come on.
When this came here, we hadn't seen a diner before.
You know, unless you went out east.
But even out east, no one had seen anythinglike this before
How do you like your spice?
Chili flake spice, Sriracha spice?
Sriracha.
You got to put it on.
Come on.
Well, I hope you're hungry.
Just so you know, you're gonna burn your mouth.
Look at this.
When would this ever happen?
Whoa. [laughs] That's the shot of the year!
Oh, man.
Oh!
In all seriousness. really good.
Give me the breakdown. What makes it so good?
What do you enjoy about it?
It's got to smell good before you taste it.
Sniffs 'Cause that's a taste bud, too.
The first bite tells the whole story.
It's all got to happen at once like an explosion of taste in your mouth.
The spices makes your tongue tingle and sing Hava Nagila. Muttering rhythmically And they do that all the time.
That's a foreign song.
I have it on one of your albums.
You're just going right after it.
That's good. That's really good.
Thank you.
Fried Royale.
Bell dings It is just delicious.
Good portions, good price.
Ready to go.
It's almost like that home-cooked loving, feeling food, you know what I mean?
I like these little places like Rutt's because you have somebody who cares about what he does.
It's that down-home ideal.
This is like mom's making your food.
Doesn't look le my mom, but this is like mom's making your food.
[laughs] Gene's got to roll, but I'm sticking around for more of mom's Hawaiian home cooking.
Laulau plate. Laulau dish?
Laulau. We say it twice.
Rutt's Hawaiian Café may be outside of L. A. in Culver City, but according to locals, it's just like being in Hawaii.
When you walk into this place, you get the genuine feeling that you're probably on the islands.
It just brings me back to my rst time experiencing Hawaii.
WAHBA: Laulau plate is ready. This is the Laulau dish.
Very traditional Hawaiian dish.
It has pork, usually add some butterfish in it incredible.
A Laulau dish?
Laulau. We say it twice.
We start by trimming the butterfish.
Black cod is also known as butterfish.
All right.
Remove the center part first the bigger bone.
You don't want that in your food.
Laulau always has fish with it?
Butterfish adds to flavor. You need to have that.
Otherwise, it's not really authentic Hawaiian.
So, there's your fish. We got pork butt.
Now what do we do? Let's make our marinade.
That's some water we poured in there.
Little liquid smoke.
Hawaiian sea salt.
We're gonna whisk it up a little bit.
Now what we're gonna do is you want to mix it all in there.
Make sure it all gets marinated properly.
That's gonna turn into Kahlua.
When we marinate it, it's a Kahlua.
It's t days to marinate.
Whene come back, we'll put it all together in the taro leaf.
We'll make Laulau. Got it.
We're gonna start by getting a taro leaf, and then we cut the stem.
These are fresh leaves. These haven't been frozen?
Right.
This is pretty much what we need.
You want to put the foil.
Nonstick spray hissing Completely cover it.
So, you put a lot of the taro.
We're gonna get the kahlua pork the marinated pork that we did.
About this much. Drop it right in the center.
We're gonna get butterfish.
It's gonna go in there with it?
Absolutely. You want to put on top.
Gonna wrap it up tightly.
Wrap it up with the foil.
Nice and tight.
This is ready to go.
Steam it for four hours. Steam it for four hours.
Let's s it. It's ready to go.
Serve it with rice. What else goes with it?
It's always t scoops of rice, one scoop mac.
And that's it.
That's your Laulau.
Are you supposed to eat the taro leaf?
Absolutely.
Look at how tender that pork is.
The pork is about as ridiculously tender as you can imagine.
It's not over seasoned.
You added liquid smoke because typically, this is cooked in a pit, so you're getting a little bit of that smoke imparted into it.
But it's not super smokey.
It's not fishy, but it is definitely island.
It reminds me of Hawaii.
Nice job. Thank you very much.
Laulau.
This is about as good as any Laulau I've ever had.
It's such an amazing taste.
It's a little unique. It is.
Once you get that appreciation for it, it's
It's good. rock star.
Here's your fried Hawaiian Royale.
This is the closest thing to like the way my family cooks it.
Yeah.
No wonder Gene Simmons comes here.
The could eat anywhere in the world he wants, and he comes here.
The appreciation and the respect and the desire you have to do this authentic Impressive, man. Thank you.
Nice job. Thank you.
Coming up, I'm headed down to Garden Grove
Today is my lucky day.
to a family-run joint
I followed the rainbow.
that's serving upthe mad Mexican. You're my pot of gold.
America.
Get yourself a fr half gallon of Dole classic lemonade with any 10 piece meal or larger purchase.
Because when you buy this chicken, there's fr lemonade for the pickin'.
It's fingerlickin' good.
when sleeping.
A lot of moms come in nervous.
They look at me and say I can't believe I did this.
And I say I told you you can do it.
It's just a normal thing that happens at 3:23 Am.
And you finally get a minute to yourself, to just Phew Breathe. I try to live a healthy lifestyle.
And Lean Cuisine is really changinit up so I can eat the way I want to eat.
Feed your Phenomenal, with the new Lean Cuisine.
When a rewards card is designed to sync with your life,
So you can live the way youlive, and eny all the rewards.
Chase pphire preferred.
So you can.
Watch as these magnificent creatures take flight, soaring away from home, towards the promise of a better existence.
VVt these birds are suffering.
Because this better place turned out to have an unreliable cell phone network, anthe videos on their little bird phones kept buffering.
llrds hate that.
So they came back home.
Because they get $300 for switchingback to Verizon.
And so can you!
Verizon, come hometo the best network.
So, I'm here in Garden Grove, California, right off the 22 freeway on Harbor Boulevard, about 3½½ miles from Disneyland.
I'm here to check out a joint where I hear this Mexican family put it all on the line to open and own their own restaurant and serve up real-deal Mexican food.
This is Sabroso!
One torta.
I can't say enough about how good everything is.
Chamorro ready to go.
Every bite is a magical bite.
It's perfect.
Really has the sazón of the family, and you really see The sazón. Sazón.
The flavor of the family.
That would be the Muñoz family, with veteran chef papa Tito leading the charge.
Have you always been this close of a family?
All the time.
We always did a lot of things together.
Like taking the plunge and opening this joint in 2012 Ii with a menu based on Mom's recipes.
This food is delicious, it's fresh, it's flavorful.
You just can't go wrong with anything.
What's your favorite thing on the menu?
The tamale.
Pork tamale ready.
It's the best.
We're gonna make tamales.
males.
I'm gonna do the pork. Pork tamale.
So, we're gonna put in a Pork butt that's been just cut up.
Cook it in the water with some salt, some onions, Mexican oregano.
garlic, and bay leaves.
And we're just gonna cook it down?
Cook it down.
The rest of this goes in there? Yes.
Mexican oregano. Okay.
Black pepper. Black peppercorns. Got it.
The onion. Onions. Garlic.
Cumin. Cumin seeds. Got it.
Allspice. Then we're gonna put some water.
Where's my Well, why don't we put the water from the peppers?
What does Sabroso mean?
Delicious.
Sabroso.
We're gonna add the peppers.
Aa That's the guajillo and California.
Chile de arbol.
Okay.
Now we go to the hot oil? Yes.
Got to strain it a little bit 'cause there's some solid.
[sizzling] This is what you want to hear.
Oh, that sauce.
My mouth is just the flavor jets are turning on.
How long is that gonna cook, chef?
20 minutes.
And then we'll be ready to take and add it to the pork.
There you go.
So, now we have the masa.
Yes.
Gonna put the salt.
Little baking soda. Ye To puff it a little bit.
Add some more shortening.
Now we're gonna put the pork stock into the masa.
Then we're gonna start mix it it up all together.
So, I got the pork.
Oh, yeah.
Sabroso.
Skins. The masa.
Okay.
You soften them in the water so they're pliable.
There you go.
Okay.
Over? Just roll it.
There you go.
You know how to make tamales.
I've made a few tamales in my day.
This is a tamale pot S how that sits above the water as they cook?
mm All right, chef. We ready?
Whoa!
Look at that.
They're delicious. The masa has great texture.
The pork is delicious.
Not too spicy.
And you got a good rio.
It's not a bunch of masa and a little bit of pork inside.
This is like a nice 50/50.
Just the right amount of sauce.
Hot but not too hot.
It leaves a nice little bite in your mouth.
Everything you order is gonna be good, so it's really fun to try different things.
Chamorro plate. It's hot.
This is the Chamorro plate. It's super yummy.
It has meat with the red sauce.
It's magical.
Chamorro. Yeah.
What does it mean in English? The shank.
That's the shank? Uh-huh.
Big shank. Go ahead. Get me started.
Okay. We're gonna salt it first.
So, I have to sear them.
Oh, we're gonna sear them off on the flattop.
Yeah.
While those are searing?
We're gonna make the salsa for the Chamorro.
We have all the ingredients over here.
We have cloves, bay leaves.
Some coriander.
Mexican oregano. Mexican oregano.
Cumin. Cumin seeds. Got it.
Allspice.
Peppercorn. Garlic.
Onions. Onions.
And then ginger.
Ginger? Come on. In Mexico?
That one is mine. [laughs] have to find something I'm gonna tell your mom.
He changed the recipe. [chuckles] So then we're gonna put some of the Super spicy with the chili de arbol.
We got kind of spicy and smokey with the guajillo, and pretty mild with the California.
Some water.
Okay.
Put the lid.
Gonna drop them in the pot with a little bit of water, and this is when we're gonna cook them low and slow.
Hang on a second. I want to taste that.
Oh, it's good except the ginger.
I'm kidding. [laughs] Now we're gonna cook all the mixture off a little bit.
Right.
Once it's done, we put the sauce on there, and then this all goes for an hour and a half.
All together. Yeah.
We're gonna put some peppers.
Which peppers are these?
California and guajillo and the arbol.
So now we're gonna put the salt.
We're gonna cover it?
Yeah, we're gonna cover now.
This is the peruano beans.
Herano? Peruano.
We have the Chamorro ready here.
We just put some pico de gallo in the middle.
Queso fresco.
It's delicious, Chef.
It's got great texture, not too spicy.
This has a lot of depth.
Not over seasoned.
The meat's super tender.
Today is my lucky day.
I followed the rainbow. You're my pot of gold.
Chamorro ready to go.
It is absolutely amazing.
It's really tasty.
I love a little kick without it overpowering everything else.
It's just good food, honestly.
Everybody comes in happy, leaves stuffed and more happy.
The food and the service and the family energy is outrageous.
It's been an awesome experience. Very proud of you.
Up next in Monterey
How about I assist you, doctor?
You got it.
I'm working it a fish house
We're oyster tag team.
that's reeling in the mother lode. Wow!
So, I'm here on del Monte avenue in monterey, California.
Now, back in the heyday, this right here was the major though fare, and the joint I'm here to check out, it was the company store for the del Monte train line.
Now it's the go-to spot for locals when they want fresh fish.
This is Monterey Fish House.
I come here essentially every night.
Medium rare tuna. Pick it up. Let's go, guys.
Monterey Bay has a very generous ocean for us, so it's always giving us an abundance of fresh seafood.
We're off the hook here.
Yeah, hook to table.
Chef David Digirolamo's family recipes have been reeling in locals since '94.
Oysters up. Barbecued oysters.
Super smokey flavor to them makes it unique and different.
 That's because they're grilled over oak wood that David harvests from his own backyard.
What are we gonna make? The grilled oysters.
These are Pacific oysters om the Hood Canal in Washington.
Do you shuck to order or do you shuck ahead?
We shuck to order.
Shuck the front door.
[chuckles] And then just a little clarified butter and fresh garlic.
Re simple. That's all we put on them.
Now it's time to go to the grill?
That's right.
Two or three minutes, they'll start to boil, and another two or three minutes, they're don Got it.
All right, so cocktail sauce.
It's a little ketchup. Little ketchup.
Horseradish. Lemon juice.
So, we are like in t race right now because the oysters are almost done, so can he make the cocktail sauce?
How about I dump the garlic? Go ahead.
How much Worcestershire?
It's probably just a few ounces, but I've done it so many times I like how you just do it so technical.
I can tell, yeah.
Tell me when I hot sauce this thing.
Go ahead, 'cause we like it a little spicy.
Add a little salt and pepper.
We good. That's good.
I'll continue that. You want to grab the oysters, here?
I'll grab the oysters.
We're oyster tag team.
Wow!
That's good cocktail sauce.
Yeah. Got a little kick to it.
Phew!
These have got just such a nice, salty brininess to themselves, then a little bit of the garlic, and that garlic's just kind of lightly poached, and the smokiness.
Yeah, it really comes through.
Delicious, man. Outstanding.
I tried the oak-grilled oysters here for the first time. It was the most incredible thing I ever had.
That oak flavor gets engulfed into the oyster.
Oh, my God
This place gets the fresh fish because they fish a lot of it for themselves.
My family goes back generations as fishermen.
Really?
Yeah, fish commercial salmon every year.
No. Yeah.
Most of the fish you s right here was probably caught within the last day or so.
It's as fresh as they come.
Sicilian holiday pasta, guys.
The Sicilian holiday pasta's the best.
It's got mussels, clams, scallops, baby octopus, calamari, and anything that's fresh out of the ocean.
All right, what are we making next?
We're gonna make the marinara.
That's one of the ingredients in the Sicilian holiday pasta.
Okay.
I'm gonna put some olive oil in the bottom of the pan.
White onion. Little garlic.
Little garlic?
That's my level of a little garlic.
Kind of a chunky tomato.
Bay leaf.
How about I assist you, doctor? You got it.
A little granulated garlic.
Oregano, doctor? Yes, sir.
Basil. Little bit of salt and pepper.
Doctor, I feel the surgery's coming on quite nice.
There you go.
So, everybody's in the pool. How long's this gonna go?
Maybe 15, 20 minutes.
So, the marinara's done. Now we make?
Put together the Sicilian holiday pasta.
Ladle of the marinara.
Clam juice.
You make your own? We do.
Green-lipped mussel.
Clams.
Swordfish, salmon, and raw cod.
What a bounty, dude.
Baby octopus, scallop, and some shrimp?
Yes.
Butter. Butter.
And a little bit of pesto.
Now, how long's that gonna go?
Just to where they open.
And the fish is jusopaque?
Yes. And boom, we go.
The fresh-made linguini.
What a beautiful dish, man.
Look at that! Unh!
And I would garnish with just a little bit of that fresh pesto right there.
Everything's fresh.
Nice broth.
Doesn't overpower the seafood.
Like how you nested everything.
Salmon tastes great, swordfish is great.
The calamari is cooked just perfectly.
Awesome.
you, thank you. Good job.
It's very creative. You can't get it anywhere else.
Here is my brother from another mother.
This is G. Garvin.
Now, G. has Road Trip with G. Garvin on the Cooking Channel.
He's also one of my best judges on Guy's Grocery Games. Tell me what you think of this.
Super delish.
It's unbelievable. It's bananas.
It's the freshest fish around and best place to eat in this town.
When you come to Monterey, this is the kind of joint you want to visit if you're looking for real-deal fresh seafood.
Nice job, man. Thanks.
So, that's it for this Flavortown road trip, but don't you worry.
There's plenty more joints all over this country!
I'll be looking for you next time on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. I don't know if you've ever seen the show we do.
It's called What show? Who are you?
Yeah.
[laughter] Hey, everybody, I'm Fieri, and we're looking for America's greatest diners, drive-ins, and dives.
This trip
You have got to make some sense of what's going on here.
it's a pair of dynamic duos.
Ooh.
In Denver, Colorado
Maybe it is gonna be a mile high.
the triple-threat joint
That's a first.
for drinks, pizza
That's where the manhole cover from Flavortown comes from.
and bodacious biscuit.
Holy biscuit mania.
then in Scottsdale, Arizona
Imitates whirring a mom-and-pop spot
This is getting more odd as we go.
scratch-making their rendition of morning-time classics.
And say goodnight to Guy, 'cause he's gonna pass out in the car.
That's all right here, right now on Triple D
I'm here in the Bluebird district of Denver, Colorado.
Now, They call it that because right down there that's the Bluebird Theater that opened in 1913.
Anyhow, here to check out a place let's see it started as a bar.
Then they added in a pizza joint.
Then they added in a biscuit place.
So, now we've got ourselves Fat Sully's, Denver Biscuit, all under the roof of the Atomic Cowboy.
Order up Franklin!
The Denver Biscuit Company is the place to come to in Denver for good food.
Order up Dahlia.
This is as good as any biscuit I ever had in Georgia.
Eggs and bacon this is my favorite biscuit.
Everything just tastes better in between biscuit.
Like shrimp and grits and chicken pot pie.
Biscuit-based everything.
This is the good stuff plain-out go food.
Yum. And it's a long way from the dive bar owner Drew Shader took over in '04.
When we started, we were a whiskey and PBR bar.
That was it. That was it.
But this South Florida native wanted a taste of home in the Mile High City, so he brought in his buddy, chef Jonathan Larsen.
So you're like biscuit badasses?
Yeah.
Like this hot mess of a barbecued pork sandwich.
And the Elmer.
Let's fire up some biscuits.
All-purpose flour first.
Some cake flour. We got buttermilk powder.
Buttermilk powder really? Yeah.
Little salt, little sugar, little baking powder, and then the secret cream of tartar.
Really? Yeah. It just works.
And we got to grab the grater.
We have three of these.
This is Darth Gr er?
Yeah.
Frozen butter.
Frozen butter.
I want to push. Okay, I'll hold.
Look at that.
It's like a butter cotton candy machine.
Yeah.
So that's it? For right now.
Now we're gonna add our buttermilk, yogurt, and some whole eggs.
It has to be incorporated for about a minute.
So we're gonna mix the biscuits.
Now we're gonna just add a little bit
more flour.
It's about 2 of these cups. It kind of varies.
That's it.
Mixture's out of the way. Now time to roll.
Time to roll. Look at that.
It's like a Sleep System pillow.
We cut it in half.
I'm going to just knead it.
So what have we got going here? Are we gonna roll it again?
Yeah, we're just gonna get it kind of into a rectangle.
So we're just gonna keep rolling out.
You can s that butter still is right there.
We got to check it and make sure.
Ooh, yeah. Not very not yet.
You can s characters of his novel all around his place.
Which adds to the whole Italian experience.
What's your favorite thing on the menu?
I like the lamb.
Cooked with potatoes, pepper, and Tuscan olives.
Other people make lamb, but nobody makes it like this.
FIERI: all right, I know we got lamb.
Lamb alla ciociara. Alla shosha.
Cho. Cho. Ciociara. Choo-choo!
Choo-choo-ciara.
Ciociara. Bravo.
Okay. Andiamo.
Olio.
Cipolla.
Pomodori.
Cappero.
Oliva.
Peperone Latina.
Now, we call this a red bell pepper.
Speaks Italian So the potatoes from Tuscany.
Sale.
Pepe. Pepe. Si.
Don't kill me, please!
Aah!
Where's the lamb from?
Ciociaria.
Ciociaria. Bravo.
Okay.
Speaks Italian [whistles] Little pepe Pepe.
Okay.
Tell me that doesn't look amazing.
Vino bianco. Okay.
We're gonna add some of the white wine.
Okay, now to the oven.
Stammering Hey. Perfect.
Venti minuti.
Venti minuti. Venti minuti.
Hey! Hey!
Oh, fantastic.
Buon appetito.
[laughs] Mm.
Simple, complete, outrageous.
The lamb's got a great, deep, rich flavor.
But as tender as can be.
Real-deal, authentic, rustic Italian food in the village of Pinocchio.
Grazie.
The lamb is fantastic.
It's simple.
It's not real complicated, and it's not real fancy.
Just flavorful.
You come here, and it's like you don't want to leave, It's, like, yore he for the night.
You want to stay.
Listen, my friend, without question, in my life, this is one of my favorite restaurants.
Grazie.
e experience that you have here is unforgettable.
Hey, you want to dance with me? Let's go.
Both laugh I'm out.
Up next, we're hopping over to Montecatini Alto
So, I'm in an area own as Montecatini, about 15 kilometers away from Collodi.
Down there, that's Terme. They got these great spas.
Up here, this is Alto. We're on top of the mountain.
And I'm or its. fresh seafood?
I guess that's why they call this place W. O. W.
Speaks Italian If you want to eat good fish, we come here.
Lobster with crabs.
's classic Italian food
Pick up gnocchi, please. with a little bit of elevation.
That's because hometown chef Alessandro Giuntoli is mixing the Italian cooking skills he learned from his nonna
Pick up the lobster Catalana, please.
with a passion for Mediterranean seafood.
Blaclinguine, squid.
The taste is really, really good.
It's fantastic.
We're gonna make a squid-ink linguine.
What are we gonna do first? Gonna deep fry the peppers? Deep fry the peppers.
Just gonna drop them right in there. Yes.
While that's working, what do we do next?
We peel the shrimp.
This is raw.
This is raw.
Look at this pink, little shrimp.
Okay, now we're gonna do the
Calamari.
So take the skins off? Yes.
Some strips. Okay. Slice.
Are these ready? Yes.
It's like bobbing for peppers.
I got it! [laughs] Next up?
Slice the lardo.
Yeah, I use that when I go in the sun I put some on.
It's cured, but not smoked.
It's just the fat. It's the belly.
So, we're gonna cook this down until crispy?
Yeah.
Okay, now?
Garlic.
Shaved garlic, so it's not gonna burn very fast.
A little peperoncino.
Yeah. Okay.
Tons of peppers. Okay.
We got to get those peppers in fast, because otherwise, we're gonna burn the garlic.
Next? Squid-ink linguine.
The squid ink is really the ink in the squid
s, from the squid.
that is used to color the pasta, but that doesn't change the flavor.
If I were ZZ Top
Howl, howl, hl
[laughs] Now I add the shrimp. Okay.
Add the calamari, linguine. Look at that.
You're gonna finish the last part of the cooking right there and let the pasta absorb it. Okay, and now we can plate.
Okay.
Beautiful.
And then we finish with the dry-aged ricotta.
Dry-aged ricotta.
Whatever happened to the little bacon?
We're gonna put it on the top.
Look at that.
And we're done.
Gorgeous.
This dish is so simple, but prepared so perfectly.
That is out of bounds.
The calamari is fresh, and it's super tender.
The shrimp also fresh, and you saw how beautiful that was.
Just nice and pink.
And then we've got this handmade pasta cooked al dente.
This is worth the plane ticket to Italy by itself.
Nice job.
Linguine, squid ink.
The food is fantastic.
And the view ain't too shabby, either
On a very clear day, you can s the villages down below.
which is just a funicular ride away.
I love the atmosphere and of course the food.
Like this seafood sensation deep-fried artichoke.
The prawns are beautiful and really, really good.
All right, so let's get into this.
We're gonna clean the artichoke.
We take the leaf.
We're gonna just get rid of those.
We're gonna cut from the bottom to the top.
Take off the skin.
'Cause you can eat that stem. Yeah.
And then we Olive oil.
King prawn.
King prawns. One by one.
And we leave the head on for the flavor, right?
Yes. Sea salt.
And then honey chestnut.
The what?
Chestnut honey. Honi?
Oh, honey!
Both laugh And then brandy.
Oh, of course you should.
It's beautiful. Okay.
Then finish with just a cube of butter.
Now we grab the artichokes.
This dish has already started to take another level, just in the time and the energy that Chef is taking to put it together.
Look at how beautiful this is.
Warming up the sauce.
And just finish.
Tender, little sweet, little kiss of the brandy.
Aa The sauce is nice and light.
And the artichoke 's simple, it's what's in season.
Nice job, Chef. Thank you.
The man, right here.
Pick up the king prawn, please.
It's very fresh and high-quality.
The flavors all mix together. Very tasty.
Worth the drive. Go up the hill.
Find the joint. W. O. W.
Wow is right. W. O. W.
Both laugh Coming up
we're headed south to San Miniato
This is crazy. for a bucket-list adventure
The whole experience is based off a 2-year-old dog?
that's all about the truffles. Aha! I got it.
So, here I am, taking a little break from Triple D, because I am in the land of rules.
I'm about 50 miles west of Florence.
So, here's the deal.
Truffles form below the soil, near the tree roots.
They're super expensive. They're like buried treasures.
They're decadent, flavorful, and really rare.
Plus, they're one of my favorite things in the world to cook with.
So when I heard we could actually go truffl hunting here in Italy, forget about it, I'm going.
I grabbed a couple of my American buddies, and we're hooking up with the experts.
This is my buddy Fabio. Fabio, what's up, brother?
Nice to s you.
And this is the truffle man. Riccardo.
The truffle guy. Riccardo. Nice to meet you, sir.
Are we gonna hunt with a pig, a dog? What do we want?
FABIO: Turbo. We have Turbo.
Speaks Italian This is our truffle dog? Yes.
How old is Turbo?
2 years old.
2 years old?
The whole experience is based off a 2-year-old dog?
Yes. Turbo never fails.
Turbo never fails? Never.
This I want to see.
We just follow the dog?
We just follow Turbo, which is a special breed for hunting the truffle.
And why are we using a dog and not a pig?
I always heard about the pig.
Because the pig eats the truffle.
You can't pull the pig off?
You can't pull the pig off from the truffle.
All right. Let's go.
Speaks Italian When Turbo stops and starts to get his dig on, everybody just
And, then, he doesn't find any.
All right, come on, Turbo.
Why this region are there more truffles?
The soil, the climate is perfect.
Perfect.
There's no rhyme or reason why the truffle's there or not there.
I me, that's why they can't cultivate truffles.
That's why they're so expensive.
That's probably why they're cherished so much, besides the fact that they taste awesome.
But this is crazy.
Just wondering around the field, looking for a tuber that grows on the root that's gonna be dug up by a dog.
[whistles] Turbo.
[whistles] Speaks Italian Speaks Italian He's on it? Uh-huh.
Turbo. Turbo!
[laughs] Speaks Italian Oh, Turbo's going nuts.
This is how I get about truffles.
I just can't dig that hard. Oh, man.
So that's it right there?
The dirt smells like truffle.
Speaks Italian, [whistles] Okay.
So, okay, just
Whoa!
That
Pulling it right out of the ground.
Oh, man.
Good job.
Turbo. Good job, Turbo.
Once he got after it, we had to get after it.
Thank goodness we got Turbo.
Uh-huh. I got it.
Listen, that was bucket-list stuff right there.
But I got one more joint I got to check out before I leave Italy.
It's north of here, in the city of Lucca
My mouth is just firing up for this.
where they're serving up traditional Tuscan dishes
Oh, that is delicious.
along with a little improvisation.
The Italian judges give him a 9!
So, here we are on a rainy day wrapping this Tuscany Trip even on a rainy day.
But the one question that still remains is, where do I eat?
From what I'm told, this is a jot you can't miss.
This is Port Ellen Clan.
Here we get the mackerel.
It's Italian, light food.
Traditional, but at the same time elegant.
for gentleman that shows the passion and then the character of the owner.
That would be Chef Leonardo Calo, who's been serving Tuscan food with a twist here
Mussel carbonara. Since 2012.
Where are you from? I was born in Pisa.
There's something else going on in the accent you're not telling me.
I tried to cook, first of all, in England.
Leonardo is not afraid to be influenced by international food.
The oxtail tortelli.
It's a very peculiar interpretation of tortelli.
What are we gonna make?
We're gonna make one of our favorite dishes, the oxtail tortellis.
First of all, the fresh-pressing olive oil, which is made three days ago. Let me try this.
Shut the back door.
We have carrots, celery, and onion.
Sage and rosemary.
I love both of them.
Crush the garlic like that.
And now we're gonna work on the oxtail.
Some olive oil.
The Italian judges give him a 9!
Welsh salt.
Welsh. Yes, you should put some on.
Black pepper.
Now we add the oxtail to the vegetables.
The red wine from Tuscany. Cover the oxtail with water.
Just a little bit.
And now we are working a very low temperature for three hours. So let it cool.
Shred it off the bone.
We have to go now with the bread.
We get the oxtails. Okay.
So, we're gonna let the bread soak up all the jus.
We're gonna make a party happen. Yeah, okay.
Parmesan cheese.
And now we're gonna add eggs.
And then, we'll get some pasta sheets, and we start to do it. That is an egg wash.
There you go.
So, I like that you make the pasta by hand.
Now I cut it and form it into tortelli.
Next, they are gonna go in the water now.
Okay.
Now is the reduction of the oxtail and the carrots together with a touch of butter and sherry vinegar.
Okay.
Now we get the tortelli.
Just let it get that a little bit.
Okay. That's it.
So, now we add the Vezzena cheese, the olive oil.
Very nice.
Wow.
That olive oil is in a different class all by itself.
Do you mind if I try some? Oh, please, please, please.
You know, my favorite part about the whole thing is that little kiss of that vinegar.
The pasta has bite. Incredibly flavorful.
The texture is nice and creamy.
I mean, all of it is delicious.
One of the best tortelli in Lucca.
They are perfect with red wine.
When you come to a city like this, you don't know what is local, what is tourist, and this is kind of off the beaten path.
And when you come into your restaurant, it's like coming into somebody's home.
I think that is what I was looking for.
The quality of the ingredients is really very good, using the tradition of Lucca and some creative approach.
What are we gonna make next? The carbonara mussel.
Instead of the bacon, which is a traditional recipe, we use the mussel.
Should we drop the pasta? This is like short, fat rigatoni.
Yeah.
All right, so now we take all the mussels that are cooked out of the shell, saving the liquid.
Okay, so, we work with the mussel and the water of the mussel.
We remove the pasta from the boiling.
We have generous Parmesan cheese on the top.
That's gonna make a nice, little sauce with the mussel water.
And then we add only the yoke of the eggs.
Gonna work it in. Great.
Beautiful dish.
Now we're gonna add the Parmesan cheese.
We add the pepper now with a touch of olive oil.
My mouth is just firing up for this.
Very impressive.
You like your pasta al dente, my friend, and that is how I like mine.
What I love, you've allowed mussels to take the place of pancetta.
It's refined.
It definitely has its respectable notes and accents and representations.
I'm impressed, man.
Thank you very much for having me.
Really, I got to tell you, man, you're a good cat.
Speaks Italian The mix of the eggs, cheese, and mussels They test very well.
I watch you and I listen and things are very precise, but then you have a wild side.
That is one of the best things they say to me in the last 20 years.
So, you're blond, but you're not a nice girl, because if you was a nice girl, I would kiss you, okay?
You're a good friend.
I really like friends like you.
Was that a great Triple D tour in Italy or what?
I got to tell you, there's just one last thing.
You know, you haven't been able to drive on top of the walls of Lucca since '85, but when you got a nice, red Ferrari like this, well, you just have to You know what I mean?
I'll s you next time on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. Hey, I'm Fieri, and we're rolling out on a special edition of Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives in Italy.
This trip. Oh!
we're filling up on the flavors of Florence.
It's delicious.
First, a serious spaghetteria. I love this guy.
Keeping it in the family for over 50 years.
Great food with great people.
You're example.
Then, a second-gen chef
dishing out his own twist on tradition.
I've never had a pasta like that.
Plus, a fiery, fresh pizzeria
Geez. You load that up.
piling on a true Italian experience.
Oh, that's killer, man.
From pasta to pollo
The original chicken nugget.
get ready for some of the best on the Boot.
Oh, two forks?
Yeah, you think that's what I need, huh?
Horn honks So, when you think about the big cities in Italy, Mm what do you think of?
Well, of course, you got Rome, you got Naples, you got Venice, and in the top five, right here in Florence.
And they've got it all the museums, the Duomo, and, of course, restaurants.
You got pizzerias, osterias, and old-school icon joints like this place, Fratelli Briganti.
This is not tourist restaurant, but is Italian restaurant for Italian people.
Everything they do is fresh.
Pronto.
The food is very good. It's homemade every day.
By this guy, chef and owner Lido Briganti.
His dad opened the place in 1960, raising his four sons in the biz.
And, today, Lido's daughter, Ema, follows the family tradition.
It's a cool name Fratelli Briganti. Brothers of Briganti ? Yeah. Yeah.
A name that literally means bandito or bandit. Hmm? Bandito. Bravo, bravo, bravo.
Aa But no bad guys here.
Just happy customers.
How long have you been coming here?
40 years.
Spaghettini pomodoro fresco.
My favorite dish is spaghettini wOOh tomato.
And they're very know about this dish in this restaurant.
All right. So, what are we gonna make?
It's spaghettini de Briganti.
The spaghetti of the house. Yeah.
We're gonna remove the skin from the tomatoes.
Where did you learn to cook, Chef?
Speaking Italian Speaking Italian [laughs] He stole the job, looking his brothers and his father, and then
So he watched his brothers and his father, so he stole the job from them.
I love this guy.
Now we put them in the colander.
So, let the water drain out a little bit.
A little bit of salt. Olive oil.
And that's the whole foundation of this?
Yeah.
Speaking Italian He's the boss. Okay.
Hand slaps Oh!
Now, the pasta that has a little bit of texture to the outside of it It's not thin and sheeny.
And that's the difference, I think, in really great pasta.
Oh. So it goes right to the plate, huh?
All three of us are eating, I guess.
Chili flakes.
Parmesan cheese.
Olio. Okay.
Olive oil.
New Orleans classic.
Gumbo, cornbread in the window, please!
Fish and pork and shrimp all put together.
We got our gumbo here.
And were starting off with a pork butt.
Rub it down, slap it up with some Jamaican jerk here.
I know a that knows a in Jamaica that sends it to me. I know a
How long is this gonna go in the oven? About four or five hours.
Start it at 350, and then drop it down to about 100, 150 for the rest of the way.
Throw it over here. Over here.
Look at that pork there beautiful. Oh, you know!
Put it in the bowl, ready to go in.
So we're gonna turn on our pot over here.
Hit it up with a little bit of oil.
Gonna add our chicken, throw some Cajun spice in there.
Stir that up a little bit.
And we're getting ready to throw our shrimps in there.
Shrimps? Shrimps are shrimps, baby!
[laughs] We're gonna add the pork to it and let this keep cooking down.
Oil in a hot pot.
Take our onions, peppers babarol, we call these. Babarol!
Throw some celery in there.
Babarol again.
Little bit of garlic. Okay, there we go.
Throw that in there. That guy.
That right there.
Welcome to the Rocky Balboa cooking hour live at Krazy Fish.
We getting any okra in here? We don't put okra in ours.
We put cactus in ours, huh?
The way we do our cactus here, we take it, we boil it, let it sit overnight.
The next day, we sauté it.
Gonna add some thyme.
And I'll throw some curry in there.
My favorite gumbo ingredient!
Some garam masala. Yeah, garam masala.
And a bunch of chicken base.
And then add gallon and a half of water.
And then we add our tomatoes.
Let that come to a boil.
All right, after that, we're gonna add our roux here.
That's a good-looking roux. Smells like popcorn.
And it makes you want to eat it when you smell it.
Gonna take our chicken, pork, and our shrimp, toss it in there.
Gonna let this cook down real good for about 30 minutes.
Cook it up nice.
I'll bowl this up for you right here.
Badda-bing, right there for you.
Yeah! Now you're scaring me.
The flavor's fantastic.
It's not too runny.
The rice tightens things up, got a good mix of peppers and onions, nice garlic pop.
I do enjoy the cactus.
Real deal.
Crazy, but real deal.
This is great gumbo.
The sauce is amazing.
Lots of bold flavors.
Everything has a little bit of a kick to it.
Kind of a funky place.
Definitely crazy.
Yeah, there's a mermaid with a dustpan for a tail. [laughter] That's. Crazy.
 Love the decor, love the people, and the food is excellent every time.
And your seafood diablo.
This right here. The diablo?
Get it every time.
There's a lot in this a lot of shrimp, scallop PRISCO: Okay, we're gonna start our seafood diablo.
Bellissimo. Yeah!
Butter in there, get that nice and hot.
We're gonna throw our cebolluuin there, onions.
green peppers and our red peppers. Get that going.
Then we're gonna add our scallops in there.
Then we take our. Shrimps.
Shrimps. Now you got me saying it.
There you go.
Then we take our mahi-mahi, fresh cut.
And we're gonna start adding our spices.
We add our sriracha.
We add our Valentina sauce.
Oh, you're taking a little Mexican to it, okay. Oh, yeah.
We got the chipotle next. Chipotle adobo!
Salt and pep. And lots of that.
Our Cajun spice.
We're gonna add our garlic.
Nice. Beautiful.
Gonna add our turmeric.
A little bit of sugar.
Half and half, some heavy cam.
Oh, hang on. I'll get you the kitchen sink.
That's the only thing not in there.
Plate it up.
Couple nice flour tortillas here.
Throw some scallions on top, some cilanch.
Cilanch! There we go.
The dish is gonna knock you to the ground.
Knock me to the ground. Yes.
It's got a nice little bit of heat.
It's definitely rich.
Tons of flavor. I can, no question.
I understand why it's called Krazy Fish.
Booya! Perfect example.
The spice in it is perfect, good blend of curry flavors.
You know, it all comes together in a great dish.
I like everything about this place.
Pulled pork tacos up!
Now you know where the name came from. Yeah.
One word crazy.
With a K. A fun place to come.
You put a ton of enthusiasm, a ton of energy, a ton of respect the way you run it, the way you decorate it.
Got to come down for the show.
Ah, very crazy. Oh! Hey, ho!
Coming up, a Korean-German combo in Los Angeles
Spot-on, brother.
Where beer makes the bird
Holy cooked up glazed bird!
And there's a lot more than beef in their burgers.
I could eat one of those every day.
So I'm here on the edge of Koreatown in Los Angeles, right down the street from Beer Belly, remember that place? The duck? Oh!
Anyhow, I'm here to check out this Korean restaurant where they've got the traditional environment and the traditional menu Needle scratches on record Not so much.
No, this is Biergarten fusion grill and craft beer.
German fried rice!
I've never seen Korean-German combination before.
It's food that, literally, you can't get anywhere else.
Korean fried chicken with French toast.
Koreatown obviously has a lot of different fusion places.
Not German and Korean.
But that didn't stop owner Neil Kwon from playing matchmaker.
kimchi short rib fried rice.
What gave you the inspiration to do a Korean fusion funky craft beer joint?
after college, we backpacked through Europe.
One of the stops, Germany.
If anything, I wanted to capture that vibe.
With the help of Chef Eddie Hah, who started mixing things up in the kitchen in 2011.
HAH: One tempura fries.
He's extremely passionate about everything he's serving here.
Drunken chicken C3.
It's called drunken chicken because they brine it in beer.
It's very moist. Got a great crust on it.
Just perfect.
What are we making? The beer brine for the drunken chicken.
Is that a typical Korean dish? No, it's not.
I dig it. Let's get after it. All right.
I'm gonna go ahead and put the Korean beer.
Hai! Hai! Right.
Water. We're gonna go ahead and put that honey in there.
Some parsley. Half lemons.
A lot of them. A lot of them.
And garlic peeled.
Add some bay leaf.
Bay leaf, a Korean food? No.
Just checking.
Dry oregano, some kosher salt, and some black pepper.
Fire it up and then
then we'll brine. Yeah.
Give that a little stir.
Harry Potter called, he wants his spoon.
Basically, we just want the salt to dissolve.
Salt dissolves, bring the flavors together, and that's our brine that we're gonna use for our chicken.
Yes. Okay.
So we have our brine here now, it's at room temp.
It smells a little like a sweet tea.
You want to smell that? No, I'll smell it, and then you'll probably push my head in there.
[laughs] We are gonna go ahead and add the chicken.
Down into the party bowl.
And how long are we gonna hold the chicken?
About 24 hours.
So now that these have brined, we're gonna add the beer to the stems.
And what kind of beer is this?
This is a Guinness, actually.
This is a dark stout, okay.
And then I'm just gonna go ahead and pat this dry, I'll go ahead and season with salt, pepper, and some oil.
Push the chicken down, right into the cavity, and into the oven at about 400 degrees for about 35 minutes. Got it.
Holy cooked up glazed bird!
That's impressive!
I'm gonna cut right down the center, and we'll go ahead and plate that with our cabbage fris salad and garnish it with a pickled jalapeno and pickled diakon.
All right, and that's it? That's it.
We like to do beer can chicken, but I don't think I've ever had one that's infused and has this much flavor of beer.
You get some of that nice roasted flavor from the skin, then you get a little bite of that slaw
A little bite of that jalapeno.
Chef, nicely done. Thank you, Chef.
The skin's crispy, the meat's juicy.
I get it every time I come here.
These are three of my buddies from Guy's Grocery Games, Eric, Gabe, and Francesco.
What do you think of the chicken?
It's so flavorful. Like, I didn't think it would be this flavorful.
The beer, the honey it's perfect.
It's silly how juicy it is.
It's silly how juicy it is? Yeah.
How do you describe the menu to people?
Oh, man, just anything and everything that pairs well with beer.
That would be 25 types of craft beer, tapped alongside everything from kimchi pancakes to German sausage
One wurstplatte,
And a unique take on the burger.
The meat is completely unique to any other burger in Los Angeles.
All right, what are we making next?
The Chosun burger.
Chosun actually means Korea in Korean.
Why didn't you just say Korea?
I wanted it to sound like it's the chosen burger.
Is that what you were going for?
Yeah, that's what I was going for. Gangster.
I'm making some kimchi. All right.
We're gonna halve the napa cabbage.
Salt? Four cups of salt.
So this is like quick kimchi? It's somewhat quick.
The cabbage will now sit at room temp for 24 hours.
We're gonna bring it back, rinse it, and then hit it wi the paste.
Yeah. kimchi paste.
We'll start with a little bit of water and then onion.
Red pepper flakes, fish sauce, sugar, garlic whole garlic. Lots of it.
Lots of it. And ginger.
Baby shrimp. Pulse this.
Add the Korean pear. Pear?
You want to try that?
That's good. Delicious.
More like apple. Add the Korean radish next.
So blend this up.
Now we take that, and we're gonna brush it onto each leaf.
Each leaf.
We're gonna let it sit out for 24 hours, and then throw it into the wok.
So it gets funky, and then it's chili funky.
Chili funky. Okay.
All right, now we're into the Chosun One burger.
We have a patty that we do 50/50 with beef and pork, and we add a little bit of tofu, which is a Korean thing, actually.
So now it's 110% 110%.
So that's it? And salt, pepper on the outside.
Onto the grill. Fantastic.
We're gonna add some grilled Spam, Korean bacon.
Korean bacon!
All right, we're gonna start off with a little bit of mustard on the bottom bun.
Then we're gonna add some of our sautéed kimchi.
So you are allowed to cook kimchi after you've done it.
It gets better when you sauté it. Really? !
Yeah. Man, it does. Okay.
The hamburger patty.
A little bit of the pickled diakon.
Red pepper aioli.
We're gonna go ahead and add the Spam.
And some fries.
What's the coating on the fry?
It's a little tempura batter.
If someone were to say, I'm gonna make you a hamburger, but I'm gonna Korean-ize it, that's what that is.
Great texture, a lot of meat, acid, sweet, crunch, all there.
Awesome burger. Thank you.
I could eat one of those every day.
The patty is unique.
It just really falls apart when you take a bite.
It's one of the best burgers in L. A, easily.
This is my buddy Skrape from TapouT, Julian Edelman, number 11 from the Patriots.
You got a funky biergarten in Koreatown.
Break it down.
Tell me what's in this first.
It's good. I don't know what's in it, but it's good.
So Julian and I do a great program called Best Buddies in Boston with Tom Brady, helping intellectually disabled adults.
In your regiment o training for the season, this is the kind of food you're allowed to eat?
Yeah. You know, a complex carb with the rice, High in protein.
I'd say it's pretty much a great meal.
You will leave full, happy, and comfortable.
You want a funky joint, great beer, eclectic menu come s this guy.
Thank you, Chef. Spot-on, brother.
Up next, in Charlotte, North Carolina
Boy, the flavor's nice in there.
A real deal home-style hangout
I've got a spotter now when I eat.
Right down to the dessert.
I want, like,16 of them to go.
So a lot of people don't know, but mom, Penny, was raised here in North Carolina.
I love coming back.
I mean, there's so much history.
So I'm in Charlotte. And you know what?
To find a restaurant in a building that was built in the year 1900, that's pretty incredible.
What's more incredible is that you got a mother and daughter team that are serving up an eclectic scratch-made menu.
This is 300 East.
French onion soup is in the window.
300 East is about the most welcoming place in town.
The sweet potato ravioli.
My favorite thing changes every week.
Entrée crab cake up.
Everything you eat is unique.
It's like a classic American menu with some kind of surprise.
Which is no surprise to the locals, 'cause owner Cathy Coulter opened doors in this house way back in 1986.
The building is from the year 1900.
Is that a big deal to folks?
It is because so many of Charlotte's old buildings have been torn down.
But Cathy prefers to build.
So in 2000, she brought in daughter Ashley as general manager and pastry chef.
Chocolate bread pudding.
FIERI And in 2001, Chef Kristine Schmidt came on to spearhead the savory side of things.
Lamb and mushroom ragout in the window.
It's a hearty dish. You'll fill up on it.
And what do we start with, leg of lamb?
SCHMIDT: Yeah, boneless leg of lamb here.
You want to pour a little bit of olive oil in that pan? I got you.
All right, so we drop this in.
We sear this on both sides.
I'm gonna season this. Salt and pepper.
We're ready for the braising.
A little bit of onion in, carrots, celery.
Some whole garlic cloves. I'm down with it.
Some fresh thyme sprigs.
S. and P.? Got to get that flavor in there.
Nice bottle of wine.
Imitates pouring liquid [laughs] All right. And then just enough cold water.
start to float a little bit.
Put a piece of parchment paper on there and then cover it with foil.
What temp is this gonna cook off at? 375.
For about four hours? Oh, four, four and a half.
Shred it.
We also strain out the braising liquid.
Next step? All right.
So we're gonna start the sauce.
We reserve that lamb fat. I love it.
A little bit of fresh rosary.
Bloom that rosemary, then hit the new cloth.
Oh, yeah.
Onion, celery, carrots.
Sweat it down. Sweat it down.
Where were you on Saturday night? !
[chuckles] Pun.
Different kind of sweating it.
Add in some more wine to glaze.
Then I'm gonna go in with Some garlic.
Crushed red pepper. I like this.
And cinnamon. That is the kicker!
Crushed tomatoes.
And then the braising liquid that we saved.
that's nice.
Tomato paste.
Now we're just gonna add a little salt and pepper.
Then we'll drop the mushrooms in. Word.
And then we go to our lamb.
And get all that lamb in here.
Look at that! Oh, man!
Had Def Leppard just tried that, they would have called the song Pour Some Lamb Ragout On Me. The video would have been different.
All right. Got our goat cheese ravioli down.
Did someone locally mix those? Yes, they do.
We provide the filling for them, and they stuff it for us.
Oh, really? Yeah.
Let's just get some of that right in on the center them raviolis.
Okay. Want to put a little bit of what we call goat butter.
Nice fresh sprig of mint.
Done.
Mm Boy, the flavor's nice in there.
Oh, yeah. You definitely pick up the mushroom.
I keep getting more and more depth of flavor every bite.
Outstanding. Oh, good.
Glad you like it.
I'm a professional.
I've got a spotter now when I eat.
Lamb and mushroom ragout.
The sauce, it just ties each piece together.
This is, like, the best thing I ever ate.
Veggie black bean tortilla.
Of course, the food's immense, but the vibe here is great.
It welcomes you in, it feels good and homey.
Walk across the tile floor, you see the old fireplace mantle here.
I mean, it really has that warm feeling about it.
And there's food you like.
Especially if you're in the mood for dessert.
The ice cream sandwich is well worth a visit to 300 East.
I'm going from this to an ice cream sandwich?
Yep, yep, yep.
You ain't saving any caries today, Guy.
I'm gonna end up pushing that car again.
[laughs] Coming back to North Carolina in a little bit. See ya.
Welcome back. Hanging out in Charlotte, North Carolina, at 300 East with don't smile.
[laughs] There we go. I wanted to make sure.
I was told I wasn't able to make her laugh.
That's 'cause pastry chef Ashley Boyd takes her desserts seriously right down to old-fashioned desserts.
Butterscotch ice cream sandwich.
Other than my mom's house, I probably won't get any ==her homemade ice cream sandwiches.
Okay, so what are we making?
First, we're gonna make the molasses cookies.
So we couldn't just buy the cookie. No.
We're gonna make the cookie. Of course.
So let's get into this. All right.
Unsalted butter, granulated sugar.
And then we're gonna let it go for about three minutes.
So we cream the sugar.
This mimics a gluten-free flour mix that I make here.
Get it going. We have baking soda, kosher salt, ground cinnamon.
Ginger? Ground ginger.
Chia seed.
Ch-ch-ch-chia!
And some fresh nutmeg.
Mix that together.
Incorporate it evenly. Next step.
Add the molasses.
Next, we add the eggs? One at a time.
Now we add in the dry mix.
So we'll take this now?
Now we scoop it into dough balls, put it in some sugar.
We're just gonna roll them around.
You're very precise. Very gentle, very
Soft music plays That's very elegant. Yes.
Well, it's those sausage fingers that say elegance.
So these are gonna go for 18 minutes at what temp? 350.
When are we gonna make the ice cream? Let's do it.
We're gonna melt some unsalted butter and some brown sugar.
Heavy cream and whole milk.
That's coming to a simmer. What's next?
So then we take some egg yolks, brown sugar, and salt.
And we're gonna temper this in? We are.
So you pour in about 1/3 of the hot cream.
So then this can just go back in.
It needs to get up to 175, 180.
I will strain it, put it in an ice-bath, and then we add the vanilla. Let this cool down.
It doesn't have to be ice-cold, right?
It needs to be ice-cold. It's got to be ice-cold, just what I was saying.
And then we'll go to the machine.
So the ice cream is churned.
Scoop it all out.
And it needs to firm up.
Can I lick the bowl? Sure. Go for it.
[laughs] So now this goes in the freezer for four hours.
l right. Cookies are ready, ice cream's ready.
Hit it.
And some of our caramelized pineapple, nasturtium petal.
That's pretty. Thank you.
That is probably one of the best desserts I've ever had on Triple D. Oh, thanks.
This is the definition of how ice cream sandwiches started. Make the cookie yourself, outstanding.
Ice cream is delicious.
The whole presentation dynamite.
Thank you. I want, like, 16 of em to go.
Awesome. Done.
Ice cream sandwich in the window.
It's creamy and scrumptious. Just close to heaven.
And the ahi tuna salad.
It's a really cool melting pot in every way.
What a great place.
Eclectic, creative, and the food's great.
Thank you. Good job.
So, that's it for this trip, but don't worry.
There's plenty more Triple D joints all over the country!
I'll be looking for you next week on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. Where are we gonna make these cookies, down in the basement?
Oh, let's go. Okay.
[laughter] Guilty pleasures are definitely something that you just say, This is a treat. There are foods that I'm, like, addicted to.
GOLD Not only is it irresistible, you kind of know you shouldn't be eating that way.
It's just an amazing sandwich.
BURRELL: Guilty pleasures fall at, like, sort of the tippy-top of the food pyramid.
You know, like, the smallest, but also at the top kind of like the most important.
[laughs] This is the type of pizza that I wish was made in New York City.
Angry yelling I'm gonna get in trouble for that.
I love you, New York, and I love New York pizza, but I really love Lou Malrati's pizza.
What is this? What am I doing here?
Turn to the left.
There is one place that I need to go to every single time I'm in Chicago, you know, when the night before has been exceedingly fun.
Now I have a headache and need something salty, greasy, cheesy, and tomato saucy.
That is the guilty pleasure where Lou Malrati's pizza comes in.
This is a splurge. This is a treat.
The crispy, crunchy brown crust I mean, that does it for me.
Lou Malrati's pizza is a Chicago institution.
LINDBERG: We're using the same recipe that we used when we first started back in 1971.
BURRELL: What is so special about it is a couple of things.
I'm a huge appreciator of the Lou's thin crust.
I am a thin-cruster.
Just the way I roll. Sorry, Chicago.
It's not like a New York pizza where it's so thin and you have to fold it in half.
I like the thickness that it's sort of a medium-thick kind of pizza.
LINDBERG: Our thin-crust pizza is ma with our famous butter crust.
It's the same dough that we use in our deep-dish.
You don't want to overwork the dough
All right Whoa! It's hot.
A little warm for you?
But that is hot crab.
That's outrageous.
Without question, the most seafood-flavored crab. Right.
really, I think, has to be the Dungeness.
Some lemon juice.
I'll take a little dip in some butter.
That slaw
Nice crunch. Really refreshes the palate.
That's the freshest experience you can get.
Aa It's juicy. It's succulent.
You don't even need the butter, it's so wonderful.
Dungeness crab dinner.
Dungeness crab is especially sweet.
And it's got such a really good flavor. You can't get it fresher.
WOI like the Fisherman's Market because there's just nothing else like it.
It's extremely unique.
Kind of a crazy place.
You got tanks making noise and coolers, people buying fish, dudes cooking right there.
It's different food that you can get from anywhere else.
You can get fish and chips with any kind of fish?
Any kind of fish.
Seriously Yeah.
You can't get bored.
You can always y something new.
The Cajun crawfish pie.
Here's the deal.
Hanging out at Fisherman's Market in Eugene, Oregon.
What are we gonna make when we come back?
Crawfish pie.
Cajun crawfish pie. Crawfish pie.
This guy's off the hook. Don't touch any of this.
[laughs] thickness?
Welcome back. Triple D. In a little bit of a food coma at the Fisherman's Market in Eugene, Oregon.
Dungeness crab done simply, but outstanding.
It literally has been a mess.
But I'm gonna stop, because you promised me real crawfish pie.
Cajun crawfish pie.
Cajun crawfish pie?
The Cajun crawfish pie is really good.
It's really unusual. The flavor's incredible.
It reminds me of New Orleans.
And how are we gonna start this off?
Bb We're gonna purge the crawfish, get them cleaned up.
Wow. Those are some monsters.
So, these are farm-raised?
No. No. These are wild. No? These are wild-caught?
Yeah. They come out of clean lakes, clean streams.
Crazy. ah.
Next step?
Put them in the boiling water.
Seasoned lightly. Salted water.
How long we gonna let them go?
ROGERS: About five minutes.
Okay. They're done.
We'll crack them, peel them, harvest all the meat, then make the pie?
We're gonna make the filling.
Dump the butter in.
So, just a small, petite amount butter 5 pounds.
Green pepper, diced onion
red pepper, celery.
Let the vegetables sweat.
Next step? Ready for our spices.
We got salt, pepper, granulated onion.
Granulated garlic, so thyme.
Cayenne. Cayenne.
Paprika. And this is the weird one.
Brown sugar? You got it.
All right. So, we'll let this all come together.
And what are we gonna tighten it up with?
So, we put our flour with flavor in.
We add some things to it a little garlic, a little pepper.
You got yourself a little roux.
Get our potatoes in and the crawfish.
Seriously? That much?
Nice, big pieces. Wow!
Meaty pie.
You got to keep the customers happy.
They won't go home. [laughs] That's how much heavy cream we're putting in?
What's wrong with that? 5 pounds of butter and a thimble of heavy cream.
We'll let that simmer till it's all warm.
And then, we're gonna start making these.
We're gonna start filling the pies.
Oh, that is ridiculous.
You're gonna be sending me that for Christmas.
All right. In the oven how long? About 20 minutes.
We got lots of beers to drink while you wait.
Pssh! Fishermen are cool.
Time for pie.
What's that you're putting on top?
Sour cream.
And what do you have over here on the salad?
We got smoked salmon, house salad.
Dude, that's outrageous!
You smoke this in-house?
Of course.
You're so gangster.
Let's look at this.
Great crust. Not soupy.
Not too thick. Tender.
They're as tender and succulent, and the texture of them is awesome.
I didn't know about the sour-cream thing you were doing, but it's excellent.
This is crazy, man.
It's perfect.
Just enough spice to have a little kick.
This is to die for.
It's so flaky.
It just can't get any fresher unless you caught it yourself.
If I'm hungry, I just say, We're going here. This is a full seafood culinary experience from the live tank to the fresh seafood market, doing the food, dishes like that.
How much do you think we can fit in the back of that car?
You know, I'm only about eight hours away from my town.
Ice it up. [laughs] Coming up, a barbecue joint in Des Moines, Iowa
Delicious. taking their secrets from competition
So, I'm here in Des Moines, Iowa.
I say Iowa, what do you think?
Exactly pork.
I say pork, what do you think?
Uh-huh. Barbecue.
I Des Moines, Iowa, I say pork, I think barbecue, and I think about that team that's won almost every barbecue competition there is, and they've got a restaurant.
That's right. This is Smokey D's.
WARTH: Barbecue nachos the pork.
The food here is phenomenal.
Half rack, bean, and mac.
It is a bonanza of barbecue bliss.
Courtesy of champion barbecuers Darren Warth and Shad Kirton two dudes who opened this joint in 2010.
And at 11,000 square feet, we, I'm calling it the swine coliseum.
This is nuts!
Three full-blown smokers, 24/7.
Warth: 24/7.
[laughs] That's a big Ferris wheel in Flavortown.
The brisket, pork. The ribs are crazy.
And don't forget out the chicken.
Asian smoked wings.
They've got a real nice smoke flavor to them, and then they deep fry them.
They've got a nice crunch at the end.
Winner, winner, chicken-wing dinner.
[laughs] So, Doctor, hit it up.
Yep. Let's make a rub.
Okay. We're gonna do sugar, salt, brown sugar, chili powder, black pepper, paprika.
I like the way you do it.
Onion powder. Bring it.
Garlic powder, a little cumin, Cayenne pepper.
Gonna mix it up.
We're gonna take wings, dump them in the bowl.
A little rub on top.
What kind of wood are we going on?
Everything's cherry here. Everything's cherry out here?
Okay. To the smoker. Okay.
How long will it be in the smoker?
About an hour and 15 minutes.
All right. So, the wings are down.
Now it's time for the?
Asian glaze.
I got the hoisin sauce, teriyaki, honey, white balsamic vinegar.
We're going As n, and you went Italian.
Exactly.
No rice-wine vinegar?
It's a barbecue place.
Sriracha, red-pepper flake. Whoa!
Okay. So, we let this come together.
Delicious. Okay. Wings done?
Wings are done. Wings are done.
Over to the fryer. Frying them at the end.
Put a little crisp on them.
A little sauce on there. Stand back.
What kind of sauce do you serve with this?
A little blue cheese dressing.
What, the whole coop come with this order?
The whole coop.
Dynamite.
And I like that you cook your wing crispy.
It's fantastic.
Cherrywood plays in perfect.
Great spice.
Nice balance.
Subtle, not overdone.
Great job, brother. Great job. Thanks.
Asian smoked wings.
The smoked wings are really juicy, really tender.
I love the Asian glaze sauce. It's fantastic.
You can s why they get awards for their food.
There are a lot of trophies around here.
You know you're getting something good.
I'm really impressed not only to s you in the barbecue-competition circuit and how well you've done, but to s that you guys are the real deal running your restaurant, making great food.
Which means cooking up more than just 'cue.
Apple dumpling.
The apple dumpling is to die for.
Just melts in your mouth.
It's even better than my my grandmother's.
What are we on to now, brother? The apple dumpling.
[whistles] Core the apples, peel the apples.
How's that? Perfect.
That looks good? Great. [chuckles] Now we got to do another one, 'cause you ate that one.
You don't know about an apple peeler, the automated ones?
Yeah, we know about it.
We're trying to employ people here.
Let's make the pastry dough.
This should be interesting. Yeah.
You look like a pastry-dough to me.
You might want to stand back.
I bet I do.
Okay. Flour, salt. There you go. Whoo.
Lard, cold butter. Mixed together.
As Arnold Schwarzenegger You pump it up.
Use your competition fingers.
[laughs] Little water.
You're gonna be mixing it together as I do it? Yeah, yeah.
There we go, We're gonna wrap it up, and we're gonna put it in the refrigerator, let it sit overnight.
Okay. The dough had a chance to rest.
We're gonna roll out the dough, and we're gonna cut it in six.
Now we're gonna wrap the apple dumplings.
Little butter.
Brown sugar? Brown sugar.
Stuff it tight. Right in the hole.
Cinnamon. Cinna-minna-mon.
We love cinnamon. [whistles] Snowing in Flavortown.
Then, we're nna wrap it. And that's it? Really?
Form it. In the pan.
What's the last piece?
And we're gonna do a little dumpling sauce.
And what is in the dumpling sauce?
A little water, sugar, butter, vanilla.
How long we gonna bake that off at?
375 for about 35 minutes.
Got it.
apple dumpling.
This is money.
Boy, you get that tang.
You get a little bit of the crunch of the dough.
Then you get some of the soft dough that's cooked in the syrup the entire time.
Apple Dumpling Gang Rides Again. This rocks.
Here's the apple dumpling.
A little tartness, a little sweetness.
It's just the perfect combination.
Just like a little taste of heaven. [laughs] Tenderloin with fries.
It's just really a wonderful experience.
Order up in the window. I love this place.
You have got a real nice variety on menu, and the food's legit, man.
You are the real deal. Thank you. Thank you.
No wonder you win all the time.
Up next, one more Des Moines destination
Beautiful. for an Ecuadorian feast
I mean, what's not to love about that?
that's bringing on the heat.
Whoa! That's hot!
MIRANDA: Can you taste the jalapeño?
milk has 8 grams of high quality protein.
Which could be the difference between just living life and milking it.
Start every day with the power of protein and milk life.
I'm here in West Des Moines, Iowa, on a warm summer day right off the 235 freeway.
And of all places, I'm in a strip mall, 'cause I hear they're serving up the bomb Ecuadorian food.
This is Mi Patria.
Lomo saltado, table one.
It's like a mom-and-pop shop here.
Got churrasco in the window.
Finding this restaurant here in Des Moines is great.
It's a hidden gem.
This South American treasure is owned by Chef Cesar Miranda, who's been serving up a taste of Ecuador since 2011.
It's just from the heart.
That's what I love the most about it.
Hornado con mote.
I love the pork.
That's one of my favorites.
WOAH! There are so many distinct flavors, but they all blend together so well.
It just makes your taste buds dance.
All right. So, what are we gonna make, man?
We're gonna make our ho ado con mote, which means pulled pork with Ecuadorian white hominy.
Okay. Let's make the pork.
Season first with salt. Got it.
And our house suiza we make the red onion, garlic, oregano, cumin, salt, and water.
Then, we add our achiote oil.
It's gonna give it some color.
Water.
We're gonna cover it with plastic and foil.
How long we gonna cook this?
4 1/2 hours.
At what temp? Gotcha. 350.
[whistles] That plastic wrap with the foil just locks in all that steam and really cooks that meat down. Yeah.
We shred this. We drop it.
Now, what will happen after we shred it?
We got a little bit of achiote oil in it, our pork fat, our white hominy, and season it with salt.
So, where do you get this big, fat corn from?
From Ecuador.
So, you ship corn into Iowa?
Yeah.
Now we're gonna put this together?
Yeah. Little white rice, lettuce, our salad.
Okay.
Our corn.
We're gonna add our pulled pork, top it with a potato patty.
And that just goes right up on top?
Right on top.
The meat is super-tender, but a lot of uniqueness to it.
Everything's done perfectly.
The hominy is spot-on.
You know, get the acid out of the salad.
Then you get the nuttiness of the corn.
But you put all of that together in this perfect bite.
That's outrageous.
It's very flavorful and moist and tender.
You can just pull it apart with a fork.
It melts in your mouth.
[laughs] It's heaven. It's good stuff.
Mi Patria means?
My homeland. Yes. My homeland. How do you explain Ecuadorian food?
Flavorful, colorful, unique.
Got empanadas in the window.
Where you from? Ecuador.
How close is this to home? The same.
This could be in Ecuador? Yeah, yeah.
MIRANDA: Arroz con pollo is ready.
Oh, this is my guilty pleasure right here.
It's amazing how they've taken chicken and rice and turned it into something super-special.
We're gonna cook our chicken for our arroz con pollo. Fire it up.
First, we got the whole chicken.
Put them in the boiling water.
Oh, that's it? That's it.
Chicken breast.
And then we're gonna season it with our salt and our house seasoning.
And how long is that gonna boil?
30 minutes to 45 minutes.
Okay. So, then we're gonna shred it.
Okay. Now, what's our next dish?
We're making our homemade hot sauce.
And what do we call this?
Aji. Aji.
Okay. First of all, we're gonna put the jalapeños into the pan.
And this is our secret weapon tomate de árbol.
Tomatoes of the tree. Tree tomato.
Well, it's actually just a fruit.
It's like an unripe papaya.
This gets shipped in from Ecuador?
Shipped in from Ecuador, as well.
All right. So, we're gonna drop that in.
We're gonna boil for 15 to 20 minutes.
And then puree it?
Now we assembled our homemade hot sauce.
We got red onion, peas and carrots, salt, fresh lime juice, cilantro.
Very nice.
I love cilantro.
We pour that in, and that's the salsa?
Aji. Aji.
Don't get me wrong. It's Whoa! That's hot!
Can you taste the jalapeño?
No! No, no, no, no. [laughs] Aji for me. Aji for you.
Okay. This is gonna be our mejunje dish.
Mejunje dish. All right. Go.
Achiote oil and red onion.
Green bell peppers.
Salt, our house seasoning.
So, sweat down the peppers and the onion.
Yep.
Peas and carrots.
Chicken.
And the cilantro. Cilantro.
How long will this cook together?
15, 20 minutes.
Then once it's done, it gets mixed with the yellow rice?
Yes.
mm Oh. Now we do that.
This is to make it pretty.
It beautiful. Sweet, ripe plantains.
We serve this with aji.
Here you go.
This is like Ecuadorian fried rice.
The green bell pepper That's probably my favorite part, because that's such a distinct flavor.
But the real surprise in it are the peas and carrots.
Little pop. Little velvety texture.
I mean, what's not to love about that?
And that aji that salsa right there I'm stealing that one for sure.
The meat is definitely very savory, but, then, you have the sweet plantains.
Kind of like having a dessert with your meal.
I can consider this the closest to my home food.
I mean, just really authentic Ecuadorian scratch-made, man.
Great stuff. Thank you.
So, that's it for this edition of Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. If you want to check out some of the recipes for the joints we visit, go to foodnetwork. com.
I'll be looking for you next time on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives.
flour, cornmeal, sugar, salt, baking powder, baking soda. wow.
Lighten it up.
[swish] PAPRIKA.
Getting a little Elvis there at the end, didn't ya? I did.
Buttermilk. very nice.
Whole milk, huevos, finally oil.
Combine well.
THEN OF COURSE THIS HAS TO SIT FOR A LITTLE While.
Dig it. yeah, you will.
Look at that, man. yeah.
yeah.
Gelatinous maximus.
and now we grab a skewer yep. make sure you get inside the meat.
Correct. into the dredge.
Yep.
we are.
Here we go.
We're just trying to, like, build a barrier here, so it doesn't go right to the bottom.
The anticipation's just killing me.
It's a hunka-hunka burnin' love.
You guys do have a heart paddle kit here, right? yes, we do.
You're all set.
Some of them, uh, pickled habaneros and onions.
jalapeño aioli? yeah.
All right, let's get after this.
Smells like corn dog.
That's a perfect storm.
It just has that really rich, intense pork flavor.
Then you get the texture and the crunch of the of the batter.
Then everything is cut and put into order By the pickled onions and the habaneros.
That's a must-try. yeah.
I said, i must try awesome. seriously.
CORN DOG. woman I LOVE THE DOG.
There's the richness of the pork, but then there's this awesome crunchiness from the outside of the batter. to die for.
great food all the time.
you cruise in and tell me that I would find a dish like that, I'd say you're crazy.
And the fact of the matter is I think you are. a little.
oo YEAH, IT TAKES ONE TO KNOW ONE. woman IF You want to have your taste buds completely electrified, this is the place to go.
Congratulations. thank you.
thank you for coming.
yes!
where I'm busting
imitating liquid pouring AN MY LOVE OF ALLITERATION
I over pressed my pierogi, and now it's a puck.
that's a party-packed pierogi.
so I'm about 50 miles south of Boston on the taunton river in a town called fall river, which happens to be the birthplace of my brother from another mother emeril lagasse.
And they've also got a joint that is serving up one of my favorite polish specialties.
This is Patti’s pierogis.
Prune pierogi, cabbage and pork, AND MAC AND CHEESE. bell dings Wicked good.
Wicked good? wicked.
Her creativity has no bounds.
Turned her lifelong pierogi pastime into a polish food palace in '09.
I haven't met, like, a pierogi princess.
I wanted to have fun with the pierogi.
You have so much fun with the pierogi that you have a pierogi character that dances around out front. yes.
well, it's a polish ravioli.
okay.
How many different styles of pierogis do you make?
103 And climbing.
Not always available. no, they come and go.
so you have pierogis of the past yes, and the future, 'cause I'm always thinking of one in my head.
The mac and cheese order almost up.
Love it. endless flavors.
Patti CABBAGE AND PORK! IT'S THE BEST.
Is the one passed down from Patti’s polish granny.
Okay. we are making cabbage d pork.
can I participate in the pierogis?
Sure.
We're gonna dump the flour in.
one egg.
Add my milk.
Okay. and then I slowly pour it in.
Have you always had pierogi passion? yes.
I started cooking when I was 12 years old.
Yeah.
The kitchen was my comfort zone and still is today.
now I take the dough.
okay, so I'm gonna sprinkle a little flour back here.
Ball in. take it out.
Okay, now we go stuff it? yes.
Okay. butter? margarine.
Really? yeah, margarine.
Your family's recipe involves margarine?
Yeah, you know, chopped onions, ground pork, sauerkraut.
So I'm gonna stir-fry this a bit, get everything brown in there.
ONION POWDER. imitating shaking
My own sound? I love that. yeah.
Yeah, I'm gonna do it again. garlic powder.
imitating shaking BLACK PEPPER. imitating shaking That you're right. that's it. Worcestershire.
imitating liquid pouring [laughs] SOY SAUCE. imitating liquid pouring This one takes a little more. okay, good.
I have cabbage now. okay. there you go.
Boiled, steamed? boiled.
cayenne works well with cabbage.
stir-fry.
Till everything's blended, and it's done.
let it cool, and that's ready to get stuffed into a pierogi. that's yes.
Let's do it. look at this. okay. all right.
so a piece of dough on top of the cutout. okay.
A scoop of my cabbage filling.
Tuck it in like that. okay.
Give it a turn.
And out pops a pierogi. pierogi.
Yes. look at that.
Perfectly pressed pierogi portion by Patti.
[laughs] OKAY. OKAY, SO CAN I TRY?
And then I just give it the old one-two?
That's it.
AND WHERE'D IT GO?
I over pressed my pierogi, and now it's a puck.
I have a pot of boiling water.
Drop it in.
So now I take my pierogi puck and just drop it in. like a fish.
SWIM, FISH. [laughs] It will rise to the top when it's cooked.
SWIM, PIER. MINE'S FLOATING.
Yep, it looks like it got hit by a car, though.
So it's tender. I add a little butter.
Put 'em on.
Let it sizzle.
Let it build some crust. yep.
Okay, so now they're fried on both sides, nice golden brown.
Hot. yes.
you get a little bit of the acid
Then you get the cabbage, a little bit of crunch that's in there.
The crust it's outstanding.
I'm in pierogi paradise.
[laughs] HOW many you think you can eat?
On a good day maybe six or seven.
And a bad day 12 or 15? probably.
VERY NICE. a [laughing] I'm hanging out with my buddy Nicholas, who just turned 10 and has been cancer-free for how lo now?
Three years.
I met him four years ago when were we doing in Connecticut.
This kid is amazing. you're the man.
[imitates explosion] you know that has spaghetti and meatballs in it.
Guyogi here we come. spicy.
All right yes!
Coming up, we're headed to federal hill give me the how do we do it for a joint that's been
so here I am, the world-famous federal hill on at wells avenue.
I mean, I guess you could call this I mean, there's so much history and so much character, and not to mention, in a mile and 1/2, over 30 restaurants.
That's right the 15-year-old Mediterranean.
but first up, the old school from 1924, this is Angelo’s.
veggie lasagna is up!
It's just that homemade taste that you would get here's your chicken parm.
woman THANK YOU. EVERY PERSON IN THE STATE Of Rhode island has been to Angelo’s at least once in their life.
WHO'S BEEN HERE BEFORE? cheering That's the kind of love this place has been getting since Angelo mastrodicasa first opened in 1924.
I love the fact that I am bringing my kids to the same place that my grandfather brought his kids to.
Veal parm with spaghetti!
And when bob antignano took over in '88, he got the family blessing to go back to its roots.
We went back to the original recipes from 1924.
Which meant dishes that rolled with the times.
Bob MEAT ALLS AND FRIES!
during the depression, we had to find a way of feeding the people on federal hill.
They would get t meatballs a little bit of French fries, and the starch would fill them up, and they'd be able to make it through another day.
this joint is traditional with a capital t with Italian American classics like pastine soup, veal and peppers, or their Sicilian take on thinly sliced beef.
Braciole is up!
The meat is absolutely tender and delicious.
we're gonna make our basic sauce first, or as we would call it, a gravy.
We start with pork trimmings, oil.
And once that browns up, we add some garlic.
A little rough chop.
And then we're gonna add our onion, hot red pepper seeds.
And we're gonna sauté this up.
Take a look at this. look at that.
Cooking that pork down, all the flavor coming out.
Now once this is done, ready for the sauce.
Hit it.
6 Number 10 cans of tomato sauce.
EASY WITH THAT NICE SHIRT. [laughs] Just trying to help out, boss.
Now time for water? it is, yes.
and then we'll stir it really good and then we'll put all our spices in.
Salt.
Black pepper, oregano, granulated gar c. and a little bit of basil.
so it's gonna go for about t hours, simmer, and then it'll be ready for the braciole.
Braciole. oh, ho ho.
how do we do it here at Angelo’s?
we use salt pork. okay.
[whistles] CRUSHED RED PEPPERS, AND GARLIC.
This is very strong. bring this all together.
Okay.
So now we're gonna get a braciole that we hand-cut still here at Angelo’s.
When we role the braciole out, we're gonna use just a bit.
That's plenty. that's it?
that's it.
and we're gonna tie these off.
In the pot? in the pot.
we're gonna put some celery and some onions.
Okay. some water.
Brown it up a little bit and go for about an hour.
Salt, black pepper, and a little red pepper seeds.
And what do we got here? a homemade pasta.
It's an egg noodle made for us right here on the avenue. okay.
Down?
Down. all right, so the braciole is ready.
We're gonna take that out on a plate, gonna take this right off. wow, look at that.
All right, guy, we're all set.
We're gonna put the homemade pasta on the plate.
Braciole, a little bit of the sauce.
And there you go. that's all she wrote.
And that's all she wrote. look at that.
Just falls apart.
[chuckles] The center's the kicker.
The center of that is where you get that salt pork, all that real deep flavor.
To me, fresh-made pasta is the key.
SALUTE. SALUTE. Bob BRACIOLE IS !
When I was growing up, my mother used to make these.
It reminds me every time I come in here.
Everything's always hot, fresh, fast, and consistent.
It's a good family restaurant. nice job, bob.
Thank you very much. I dig it, man.
Up next, we're coming back to the hill, 'cause what's better than Italian?
You got it more Italian. spaghetti alle vongole.
It's like poetry.
Shut the front door!
that was just what I expected Angelo’s old-school meatballs and braciole.
Well it's time to go new school across the street to Mediterranean.
man CHICKEN PICCATA.
I'm Italian, and this tastes like home.
man TAGLIATELLE AL BOLOGNESE.
It was representative of what I remember of authentic Italian food.
Just all real deal. all real deal, yes.
Which is exactly how Italian-born owner gian marrocco planned it.
I mean, even though you're kind of in a touristy area, you'd be hard-pressed to tell me you weren't in Italy.
That's what makes us different from everybody and it all starts in back? 9-% you dream in Italian. I dream in Italian.
And he definitely cooks in Italian.
Spaghetti alle vongole!
A pasta dish from the region of camnia.
I'm gonna make spaghetti alle vongole white sauce.
Let's do it.
we add about 2 tablespoons of extra virgin olive oil, a glove, glove and a half of sliced garlic.
Clove.
Peperoncino. so a little chili flake.
Chili flakes. then we add our littlenecks.
The littleneck clams that have been cleaned, scrubbed.
yes, and purged.
We want to deglaze it with a little bit of white wine, any type of white wine you have at home.
But you gotta at least want to drink it.
If you won't drink it don't cook with it.
That's right.
Okay. I add a little bit of clam juice.
Okay. all right.
I don't let the littlenecks burn.
okay.
So that way it creates a steam.
THAT WAY imitating Italian accent CREATES A steam.
STEAM SO THE CLAM CAN OPEN. normal voice Do you get the enthusiasm?
That's Italian. I got it, man.
[speaking indistinctly] I'M I CAN THIS Is it's like poetry.
Right.
You want to drop your pasta.
okay.
We add also baby clams to it to it. okay.
okay.
And some black pepper.
Ready to plate, and we put the clams all around.
Drain the pasta well. right into the pan.
Italian flat parsley the only kind of parsley I like. all right.
what I like to do also before I serve it I let it cook for one more minute.
That way the sauce will coat the pasta.
IT BECOMES NICE AND, YOU KNOW, COATED AND Creamy.
And it's beautiful.
Tell me you don't love this guy.
Before I serve it, I like to add some more extra virgin olive oil.
Just a touch. just a little just a touch.
At this point I'm ready to plate it.
Nesting the pasta,
Clam juice on top.
Right on. and voilà.
That's spaghetti alle vongole.
So take a look at that. all that juice.
No cream, no butter, no nada. nope.
Just simple goodness.
slurping little bit of heat, little bit of garlic.
Cooked the clams just to when they open up.
Add those baby clams right at the end.
The pasta is al dente perfect.
I don't even know what to say.
I mean, I don't get speechless that often.
Shut the front door!
thank you.
Clams can kind of be boring, but not here.
SPAGHETTI ALLE VONGOLE. IT'S EVERYTHING From the food to the wait staff to the owner.
You walk in the door just like you're family.
thank you very much.
thank you.
When do you want to start your cooking show?
Anytime you want.
California, here I come.
[laughs] Don't let Gianni hear that. oh, I know.
Killer.
So that's it for this edition of diners, if you want to check out some of the recipes FOR THE JOINTS WE VISIT, GO TO foodnetwork. com.
I'll be looking for you next time ON DINERS DRIVE-INS AND DIVES. I want pierogi
I want pierogi
I want pierogi
[laughter] I'm Fieri, and we're rolling out, looking for America’s greatest diners, drive-ins and dives.
For about 5 to 6 hours.
Comes out fork-tender, shred it.
Take a little bit of our duck fat that we've rendered off.
The food lube. the food lube, there you go.
Some minced garlic, some diced ginger. okay.
And we're also gonna add a portion of our rendered duck that we've used and some green onions. okay.
While all that's working, we're go make our '-spice? yes.
SOME GROUND CINNAMON AND THEN SOM STAR ANISE And some cardamom.
a little bit of black pepper and some fennel.
so then once our duck gets heated up, we're gonna add our spice to it, and then we're gonna take some steamed jasmine rice, were gonna hit it with a little soy sauce.
And while that's working, we're gonna do some a little bit of sriracha hot sauce just for a little bit of a lovely kick.
And now when that's heating up, we're gonna take another pan with a little more food lube, as we call it.
And we will put a delicious sunny-side egg.
just waiting on our to finish.
[gags] AT'S A BIG'N.
save some of the duck fat to lube the pan, cold rice, make your own five-spice.
That's nice.
I don't make my own five-spice, but after tasting that, I think I would.
it's nutty. ohh.
I saved some of the egg for you.
That's the pièce de résistance. oh, it is.
That is a piece at I try to resist.
A little bit of scallion in there, hint of the ginger and the garlic, some soy,
This is great. how much is this? $5.
No, it's not. $5.
that's our portion right there.
Dude that’s excellent.
Duck fried rice.
5 Bucks for that fried rice. 5 bucks.
Ridiculous. oh, you have no idea.
Because here at south of beale, crazy low prices are all part of the deal.
man MAPLE BACON BRAISED BRUSSELS SPROUTS.
We come here so often, and it's because we can come here in lieu of eating at home and not break our bank.
some popcorn.
And it doesn't get any cheaper than this starter snack.
On every table, there's always a wonderful bowl of popcorn.
it's just the perfect snack.
All right, the presto popper.
I haven't had one of these since I was a d.
I believe they call that kicking it old school.
That is rockin' it old school.
it's our house popcorn.
just like mom used to do, we're gonna dump in some kernels, let them start working their magic.
and while we're waiting for the popcorn to pop, WE'LL START MAKING OUR HOUSE SPICE.
We take brown sugar that we have dehydrated so you get a bunch of the moisture out then we'll add a mixture of our house blackening spice to it, kosher salt, paprika, some cayenne pepper, cumin, some black pepper, my kind of popcorn.
Okay.
Just 'use garlic makes everything better.
We'll give this a little stir, blend it all and it gets mixed into the brown sugar?
Yes. and it's already starting to pop.
Are we gonna do the butter-melting thing up top? kick a little butter on top.
This is nuts.
Tually, it's popcorn.
now once our popcorn has popped, we'll take a little bit of our butter that we've melted up top.
And you give this to people for free when they come in? s, indeed.
I don't think we've ever cooked anything on triple d so now we'll take some of our house spice.
corn in the head with this.
And that's all she wrote? voilà.
Huh.
Ohh. it's great. see, it's not kettle corn.
it's not that super sweet kettle corn stuff.
when you put it towards your mouth, you're gettin' all those spices.
A little bit of butter, and free. and free.
LET ME BACK IT UP. IT'S FR bb AND IT HAS OTHER STUFF. [laughs] Awesome job.
The popcorn is very addictive.
Nowhere else in Memphis has anything like that.
It's definitely unique to south of beale.
I'll tell you something duck fried rice out of bounds.
Free popcorn as much as I can shovel in my mouth.
You gotta love it. so what's next?
We're gonna do a jack and coke bread pudding.
hanging out with chef Bryan.
Is that your spoon? oh.
that vacation flight.
I'm in, like, some kind of a popcorn coma.
I'm hanging out with chef Bryan at south of beale in Memphis.
Dude, what have you done to me?
I've never eaten that much popcorn in my life.
Seriously, someone take it away.
Hopefully we're on to something nice and light now.
We're gonna do a jack and coke bread pudding.
During commercial, he whispered and said, I'm like, right on.
You didn't say anything about bread pudding.
first we're gonna make our custard base for our bread pudding. yes, we are.
We're gonna take our egg yolks and then some sugar, heavy cream, and then we make a Coca-Cola reduction.
So you take the syrup of cola, reduce it yes.
So it turns into this true syrup now it's almost like molasses and mix that all together to make the custard that's gonna go over the top of this? yes.
uh, we've got a hula bread, sweet Hawaiian bread.
We've got just a regular a hoagie roll.
We dump our bread in, add our custard that we just made.
and now we're gonna smash our bread down so it soaks up all of the custard. okay.
right.
Cook it off in the oven at about 350 for about an hour, hour and a half.
Pull it out.
When's the jack Daniel’s getting invited to this party? that's the next step.
So we've got an ice cream maker with frozen insides.
AND, UH, THIS IS GONNA BE NICE, QUICK, And fast.
so for our ice cream base, it's gonna be milk, heavy cream, some sugar, And our old buddy jack here.
Let him kind of hang out for a little bit lookin' good. there you go. nice job.
Give it a little stir.
Now we're gonna add our base to the ice cream mixer.
And we can turn it on now.
that's all she wrote.
she'll run for about 20, 30 minutes.
This will make us about 2 quarts. nice.
Now we're gonna put our ice cream in the freezer for about t to three hours to finish hardening.
We're gonna take our cooked bread pudding, !le piece ready to go.
We're gonna take our ice cream throw you a big scoop on top, how about that?
Then we're gonna finish it with our cola syrup that we di and that's ready to go. nice.
Wow. who would have thunk?
You got nothing wrong with this, buddy.
[groans] BRAIN FREEZE.
I don't like when bread pudding gets all mushy, mushy, mushy. right.
It's got a nice crunch on the bottom, nice crunch on the top.
so you got great flavor in it.
You definitely pick up the jack daniel's
In the ice cream.
And then the cola syrup over the top of that just brings it right back home.
This right here, this is why I can't move to memphis.
oh, that's great.
That's really tasty, man.
Got a jack and coke bread pudding in the window.
wan IT'S A LITTLE BIT CRUNCHY, And it also has the sweet flavor of the ice cream.
It's sweet, but it's a little tangy almost with the jack and coke.
I mean, for the bar and everything and the other food, you guys give 'em a deal, keep 'em coming back.
Giving 'em a dl, south of beale.
YEAH! [laughter] what's not to like about this?
We're hangin' ten on oahu's north shore,
There's something about getting shrimp on the island.
You can't beat it. and turf.
you should be,like, the mayor or something.
in case you haven't noticed, the food truck invasion has happened.
I mean, we're seeing 'em everywhere texas, los angeles, vancouver, you name it, and now, here on the island of oahu in the north shore.
This is the big wave shrimp truck.
You can't go wrong eatin' at big wave shrimp.
[laughs] ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
Everyone's favorite place on oahu to eat.
How's the food? amazing, always.
HOW LONG Ass DID THIS HAPPEN? ALMOST SIX Years already.
Six years ago?
That's when mike stacy gave his wife kate something she's always wanted, her own restaurant.
it used to be a handi-van bus.
And you took it and converted it into a restaurant on wheels? yes.
SPICY SHeeMP.
And started cranking out their take on north shore staples.
So local style is hawaiian style, but you put your thai flair to it? correct.
the main thing is the shrimps.
The shrimps? but you make other things.
Yes.
From shoyu chicken and locally grown sweet corn
These are just, like, perfect.
With a ri ant rg barbecue short ribs for you.
Barbecue short ribs for me? yes.
I'm just gonna hold on, 'cause this looks like it's gonna be a rough ride.
IT'S FUN. [laughs] OKAY, I'M SORRY.
I start cut the short rib.
this is the chicken broth seasoning.
Chicken base and a little bit of garlic salt.
Correct.
Are you open every day? seven days a week.
rooster crows IS THAT THE NEXT MEAL THAT'S Making noise?
MAYBE. [laughs] This sits here with the dry rub on it for how long? it's about one or t hours.
right.
And then we're gonna cook it in the pan.
A little oil. a little oil.
this is a thin slice, which is more the asian or korean style.
Just because of the bone and the connective tissue, it's almost sweet, real great beef flavor.
And that's just it, nice and simple, huh?
Pretty easy. chicken base and garlic salt.
Chicken base and garlic salt, chicken base and garlic salt
chicken base and garlic salt for me
chicken base and garlic salt
chicken base and garlic salt for me
Kate [laughs] Next seasoning, hondashi. hondashi.
Hondashi is an asian season salt.
furikake is a traditional Hawaiian, asian we put it on sushi at tex wasabi a lot.
It's ready now. the short ribs?
YES, SIR. [laughs] I love it.
Look at that. nice and crispy.
Anything I can eat with my hands, of course, I want to.
The short rib ju by itself, it's got great flavor.
You get a little bit of the rice with the furikake with a bite of the short rib.
What's not to like about this?
Barbecued short ribs.
They're really juicy, and they're not overcooked.
The ribs are really good.
There's a lot of different flavor to it.
And everything that they make is handmade, real deal? everything.
This is a locals' town? definitely.
Here on the north shore, the locals know their waves, and they know their shrimp.
M a junkie, a shrimp junkie.
So all kinds of shrimp here on the shrimp truck? lemon pepper shrimp.
I already know what you want coconut shrimp.
[laughs] mm I am having the spicy shrimp, and it is excellent.
Mike CRUNCHY SHRIMP. I'M HAVING THE CRUNCHY Shrimp.
I mean, I like it. it's tasty.
for the crunchy shrimp yes, sir.
Tempura. tempura batter.
Sugar. sugar?
no chicken base orarlic salt?
No more. that's all.
So that's a 21/25 shrimp, butterflied all the way open, no shell.
yes.
Into the panko. panko.
Let thatind of stick on there.
Vegetable oil.
Now we are ready to put it in the pan.
Every time somebody orders something, make it to scratch? yes, every time.
[whistles] AND WE COOK FAST.
After we finish, we put on the plate.
Ten pieces?
sweet-and-sour or sweet chili?
Sweet chili.
There's sothing about getting shrimp on the island.
When they're not frozen, so tender.
You can't beat it.
crazy.
Mike CRUNCHY SHRIMP.
it's just insane. it's so good.
As soon as it hits your mouth, it just, like melts.
Make all these people happy you should be, like, the mayor or something.
you're gonna love this place.
when I roll back into baltimore, there's one joint I gotta check out.
WE'RE HEADED BACK TO ONE OF TRIPLE D's
You guys are the originator, the imitator.
how things are stacking up.
It's ridiculous.
you know, if there is one question you guys all ask me, it's, guy, do you have a favorite triple we, that's impossible to say, but I'll tell you this, when I roll back into baltimore, there's one joint I gotta check out.
That's right, it's round t of chaps pit beef.
You come to baltimore, this is what you better see.
And if you don't, it's not pit beef.
the charcoal pit beef you're not gonna get it nowhere else.
One medium-rare beef on a roll.
It is so tender. just falls right apart.
medium-well.
oh, look at that.
that's the best beef I've ever had.
When anybody says chaps, they know what we're talking about.
It started over 20 years ago when bob and donna creager got married.
As a wedding gift, my father gave me this little shack.
I HAVEN'hhT FOUND A JOINT LIKE IT IN THE Country.
all day.
They come from connecticut, they come from florida, and he came from delaware to get some pit beef.
Even though you've become super popular, everybody loves you, people from all over the world, you still make it the same way.
We're not changing it. didn't change a thing?
No, sir.
I give it way past a ten.
It's not rocket science.
Really good premium meat, dry rub, a little bit of seasoning, cooking over the lump charcoal, not the briquettes.
Slice it thin, serve it on good product.
You got it.
It's ridiculous. , this is great, man.
How's business? great.
Been off the hook.
There's like ten guys working right now.
Used to be five before you were here.
You made new menu items, or just sticking with what you've had? beef rachel.
yeah, kind of like a reuben, but we use beef instead.
Stead of sauerkraut, we use coleslaw.
One beef rachel.
So the guy's triple d does good? excellent.
So you guys, if you don't understand exactly what happens, if you havent seen the chops triple d,
Where are you, duff-inator, my brother?
That just look at the cascading joy.
Look at the bite out of there.
YOU T A TRIPLE D COMING? man SURE Do.
This I gotta have. you s that right there?
S that goodness?
The corned beef, the sausage, and the roast
Get that hand out of there.
you need some condiments for it?
I want some white onions, a little bit of the horseradish cut with that's the tiger sauce.
And some mustard.
I feel like a little kid getting ready to blow out the candles on the birthday cake. look at this.
Donna, how long's it been since we did triple here's round two.
Ridiculous.
Do you think that one napkin is gonna suffice?
Bob [laughs] am I okay? nothing there, right?
I have to tell you, if you want to find out where the real deal, true baltimore pit beef comes from, you gotta come toit beef.
A triginator, not the imitator.
we're thinking about it.
We want to come out to california with you.
Twist my arm.
Do not come listen, I'm telling you right now, do not let them open in a neighborhood near you.
Erybody will weigh 100 pounds more, I swear.
So that's it for this flavor-town road trip, but don't you worry, there's plenty more joints all over this country.
I'll be looking for you next time chicken base and garlic salt chicken base and garlic salt
chicken base and garlic salt
chicken base and garlic salt for me
for me
we're already on the bus.
Hey, I'm fieri, and we're rolling out, looking for america's greatest diners, drive-ins and dives.
THIS TRIP. I FEEL GOOD ABOUT ME.
somebody ordered the porter.
crunchy, fried greatness.
it's just like coming home.
nonnies minestrone.
they're amazing.
this is one of the best raviolis I've ever had.
I just absolutely love this place.
the food completely contradicts that.
Veggie burgers. really good veggie patty.
exciting creations.
THE NEIGHBORHOOD FAVORITE. woman GOOD Food.
shredded beef sandwich.
Gone wild. looks like a meat sundae.
That's all right here, right now
I'm here at a cool little town called geyserville in the northern california wine country to check out a place that I kinda have some history with.
I imagine a coach feels really proud when one of his players turns pro, 'cause that's how I feel when one of my guys that's worked with me in my restaurants ventures out to open his own place.
That brings us here to catelli's.
we got your food ready
and his sister domenica
Spaghetti, d. c. sauce. have come home.
My nonny and nonno, virginia and santi, opened catelli's in 1935.
table 11.
'cause we've always dreamt of it.
But the family lost the business back in '91. hello, mama. hi, papa.
Once that happened, my sister and I were very adamant we will open this again, and it will be the and it is, sliders here, sweetie.
And started serving the old catelli classics.
Ies minestrone.
The food tas? it delicious.
CHICKEN SAUTé SEC. I JUST ABSOLUTELY Love it.
RAVIOLI COMING UP! WITH THE BUTTER AND GARLIC Sauce, it's delicious.
it's cooked to perfect may have a yeah. seriously?
Le grandma are making the rav filling.
The pork butt. so you cut the tips.
whole black peppercorns, fennel seed.
red pepper flakes, fresh thyme, a ton-load of garlic, fresh ground nutmeg, and then salt.
We don't have a lid for our blender anymore for some reason. in true catelli's style.
Oo yeah. she's ready to roll. okay.
That goes in here. then we just squish it.
And this is going in the fridge for t days.
To really let those flavors come out.
what in the world are we into now?
We're gonna roast off the meat, big beef chunks.
and then here's our house-made sausage.
outside of the pasta.
It holds the sauce real well, so I guess it would work good for mac and cheese, but that's not typically what you find for mac and cheese.
We don't do elbows. No elbow?
No elbow. Doing wrong stuff is fun.
Yeah, look who's Sometimes.
Look who's talking.
We got the pasta working, and now we're gonna go into the cream sauce.
First, we add the milk and heavy whipping cream.
So, heavy cream really adds the richness to it. Adds the richness. Yep.
Into the milk and cream mixture, sea salt, freshly-ground black pepper, ground nutmeg.
I'm just gonna bring it to a simmer.
This mac and cheese was written up in a big paper.
Somebody stole the recipe. Borrowed the recipe?
Man, this was a big deal in Clarkston, Michigan.
We almost had some gangster activity going on here over the mac and cheese.
How was there not a song about this?
Wrote plenty of songs about mackin'.
[laughs] What's the next step? We start the roux.
Butter, diced onions, garlic paste.
Pureed garlic? Yes.
All ccght.
And now the flour to build the roux.
A roux's made.
Milk and the cream have simmered.
The noodles are finished. What's the next st?
We're gonna add the hot milk mixture to the roux, and we're gonna let it thicken, then we're gonna add some parmesan cheese.
Are we gonna make Bob cook all, or are we just gonna stand here and look good at this? I thought you just took some noodles, cheese, and someap milk and threw it in the oven.
What's pap milk? It's like a cream sauce.
Yeah, it's, like, for your dog or something.
That's pap milk. Guys from California.
We don't know stuff like this.
So, now you chill it before you add it to t pasta, and then you add the cold pasta and the cold cheese sauce.
Yoll together.
That is tight, man Give a rundown.
All right, so, we're gonna add the sauce.
Now we're gonna put more cream in, more half and half.
You are not short on the dairy on this, man.
Got to do it by hand so you can feel the love.
That's it. That's how you know it's done.
And we're gonna put it into dishes.
Some Pinconning Cheese.
Have you had this Pinconning Cheese, this super cheddar? I wouldn't know what to ca it.
I wouldn't even know how to pronounce that.
It comes in a wheel.
Oh, good stuff, man.
Got to layer that cheese in there - t layers in the mac. Sharp white cheddar.
Now you go with a little panko on top.
Little bit.
All right, so, we take this. We're gonna bake it off.
What temp? 425, about 12 mites.
I usually clip it open and let it steam a little bit, then you get some of the crust, get noodle in there. Do you s the steam coming up?
Did you just shove that in your mouth already?
Yeah.
Did you hear that Kid Rock canceled seven concerts?
Why? Oh, he's hanging out with Fieri.
He ate hot mac and cheese. He kicked his taste buds.
! You got the cheese right in there, then you got the cream, then you got the crunch on top with the white cheddar, which has got me real nice tang to it.
That is in the bomb cheese category.
thank you.
It's very rich. It's really good.
Can you eat the whole thing in the first place?
No, I eat half, and then I take the rest to go.
Meat loaf.
What's the whole foundation of food?
We do broad-shouldered, American comfort food with a Mediterranean twist.
We let the food do the talking.
Kid Rock, he says some of the best he's ever had.
This is a man who travels a lot, so, like, his word obviously means a lot, and we're fortunate that he comes in.
It is real deal just an all-American joint.
That why we built it. Thank you.
Beautiful.
Speaking Spanish we're filling up at a gas station
I mean, this is the real deal serving authentic Mexican.
I'm here in Elkridge, Maryland,right outside of Baltimore, getting a little fuelfor the '68 and a little fuel for the Guy.
Now, the crazy thing is when you're doing a Triple D road trip You pull into a place like this and find out that they've got the bomb taqueria right next door.
The other crazy thing is you have your buddy Joe.
Hey, Joe! What?
Joe Theissman, that is.
You like tacos? Absolutely.
Check it out. This is R&R Taqueria.
[sizzling] Four chicken tacos.
Have you guys been here before? Of course.
And thiss where you bring her for a date is back here in the corner of a gas station?
Every time, it's excellent.
Rodrigo is from Mexico, and I think he brings what he learned growing up in his mother's ÑÑkitchen to the restaurant.
Must've been a righteous place to get cooking skills, 'cause Rodrigo Albarran-Torres used them to pay for flight school before landing back in the restaurant biz in 2009.
Speaking Spanish Here's the play I've got t quarterbacks, one a Super Bowl champ in Joe, who lives nearbyff the other a super chef in Rodrigo.
It's game on.
[sizzling] What was so attractivebout being right in a gas station?
I opened this place I started thinking about puttingauthentic Mexican food, and I realizedit's not the location.
It's really the food.
It can be real deal although it's not tables and chairs.
Correct.
Speaking Spanish What are we making first? So, we're gonna work on the al pastor.
The is a pork butt. What are you talking about, pork butt?
I know pork butt. That's my middle name is pork butt.
You'll notice there's t cheeks.
Yes. So that works out very well.
Stop, you're gonna get me kicked off the network.
Gonna slice them first. Start out thin.
I don't have a telestrator with me, okay?
I got a pen. I got a plate Now, what he does is he takes it and slices it just a little bit, then grabs it, peels it off.
What you do is you get a nice, even cut like that.
This is the Triple D telestrator.
Guajillo chilies my favorite chili.
Doesn't get any better. Doesn't get any bett.
This is for the al pastor sauce.
We're gonna take these, break them down, take the steams and the seeds off them.
Let this steep in the warm water.
Then into the blender wi all the ingredients?
Yes. Got it.
So, we're gonna put oregano.
Thyme leaves.
You're getting in his way.
Garlic. I'm helping.
I'm an assistant. Pineapple.
Pepper. You got have the pineapple.
The enzyme of the pineapple helps in the marinating process.
Cinnamon. A little cinnamon.
Okay, so, now we're taking the guajillos and the chile de árbol.
We're gonna put them in the blender.
And a little bit of that pepper water.
You got to save that.
And this isn't super spicy.
It's a very But it's very flavorful.
Not spicy.
Then we're gonna go ahead and mix it up all in the pork, the onions.
How long does itarinate?
We usually marinate for a day.
Oh, you know it's got some good flavor.
Oh, absolutely.
Rodrigo, what are we doing, Chef?
Right now, we're doing huarache. Huarache.
Means, like, flip-flop, like sandal?
A sandal. Give us a rundown.
Corn flour, masa, and a ttle bit of water.
Now, you mix this with your feet, Joe.
A little salt.
You want to get this just to the right point.
It's nice and light and fluffy. Yes.
Refried beans.
Make a cup, fill it, fold it.
That looks like a little football.
Everything looks like a little football to you. It does.
Now you just roll this out, and then we're gonna cook this on the flat-top while we cook the al pastor?
Correct.
[sizzling] Look at those huaraches, man!
Oaxaca cheese, and this cheese right here comes in a ball.
And you peel it off. It's kind of like mozzarella.
Al pastor.
Okay.
A little parm cheese.
Parmesan in Mexican food?
Now you got your red sauce.
Avocado.
The key is, you've got to season it correctly, cook it correctly.
It's got to have that chauuto it, so cooking it on the flat-top is critical.
The meat is tender enough. It's not overcooked.
You taste the cheese.
The avocado gives it a nice freshness.
The salsa gives you at little bit of sniffs my nose is running.
Listen Yep, what you just heard is Fieri's career ending.
It's not too much of any one thing.
I mean, this is the real deal.
I'm serious, and I eat a lot of Mexican food.
Outstanding.
Any restaurant that can get by where there's no place to sit down really It's all about the food.
Oh, you got to love it. Oh, yeah.
Tacos enchilados.
Guy, Joe!
We're coming, we're coming!
A lamb taco makes you do the work around here.
Just running around. Come on, Joe.
Course, I got to always get the back end.
Thank you very much. Rodrigo, what's this all about?
We're about to do some lamb tacos.
Gonna chop it up and roast the whole thing.
No processed stuff here.
So, you got the lamb broken down.
Do you have a certain way that you stack this in here?
Just want to make sure this meat is exposed Mm and make sure it's cooked.
Next? The vegetables.
So you got some onions and some tomatoes.
And use a little beef base.
Basically, we're braising it. Correct.
This ithe real key Now, these you have to get sent in from Mexico, right? Yes, they're from Mexico.
Avocado tr leaves.
You won't recognize the flavor specifically.
It's not like you're gonna have a leaf from an orange tr or you're gonna be able to smell it like that, but it is real unique flavor.
A little salt? A little salt.
These banana leaves, man, this is the way to go because they're waxy.
It holds the moisture in.
This was your plastic wrap in Mexico.
We need the foil.
What temperature are we gonna cook this off at?
At 450 degrees for four to five hours.
We're gonna get the lamb out.
You looked at me when you said to get the lamb out.
[laughs] Here, give me this Ready? I gotcha.
You didn't have to say anything more.
I just thought that this is It's me and you, Rodrigo.
You've been in this. I mean, this is your What kind of a pose is that? !
I don't know. I'm just trying to get down.
What is this? ! I don't know. You show me.
Arms extended. Little bit, not with your knees out.
Your knees have to go straight ahead.
Straight ahead? There it is.
I got it. Where are you going?
We got to get the ++ndle. Get the handle.
I got flip-flops. This is not good.
Watch your Hey. Sighs Have you seen anything more ridiculous? !
Thank you very much.
What do you do when we'reot here? ! It's a big lamb.
It is a big lamb! Yeah.
Are you ready? This is it.
Look at that.
See, the meat just pulls off.
Pulls right apart. Right apart.
Yeah.
Oh, the hummingbird bite.
So, we got your pasilla sauce nice and hot.
So, pasilla pepper. Onions, garlic.
Cinnamon? Little bit of cinnon.
Yeah. Got to dip the tortilla a little bit in sauce.
Put a little of the lamb meat.
We're gonna roll it. The next one.
Joe, he's making your second now.
Put a little sauce. [laughs] You're gonna have to fight me for this one, big guy.
When you get that cinnamon, it gives you that nice holiday, roasted-lamb flavor.
The cinnamon's very pronounced in it, isn't it?
I don't think it takes it over at all here.
No, no. But it accentuates it.
This is what it tasted like when you were a kid? Yes, just like it.
I never would've left Mexico.
[laughs] Wrap it up, Joe. We got to go.
Don't bother me. I'm eating.
hanging out with you is gonna be bad for my figure.
Your figure?
Rodrigo, you're the man. Thank you.
Coming up. Smoking hot.
the knockout combo of boxing and baking We should probably just test this.
I'm down herein Phoenix, Arizona.
I love coming down here the weather, I mean, those warm nightssitting outside, listening to great tunes,eating great food, hanging out with your friends.
I mean, it's just I wish someone could make ggOh, yeah, they did.
This is The Duce.
Bell dings Slick Willy, come on up.
Enjoy, buddy.
There's nothing like it in Phoenix.
Is this normal in Phoenix?
No, this is a great place to hang out. Look at it.
I mean, you have everything shopping, boxing, food, bar.
Shopping, boxing, food, and bar.
All things Windy City transplants Steve anAndi Rosenstein love.
It's almost like our personal playground.
So, what'd you guys do in Chicago?
We had a clothing company that we started right out of college.
We sold the business in 2006.
Before heading to Phoenix and setting up shop in a warehouse area called The Duce.
Here, Steve whips them into shape while Andi runs the kitchen, a. k. a. an Airstream trailer, and cranks out her family favorites
Order up potpie!
which are very, very unique.
We're baking in this? We're baking in that.
This I got to see.
We're gonna start by making the dough.
Flour.
A little kosher salt.
Little bit of sugar.
Okay, and we're gonna cut in our butter.
Wow. [laughs] Pulse that in.
Okay.
Get in there.
Form it into a big ball. Let this rest?
and let it rest.
Flmmten it out a little bit so it's easier to roll.
Okay. Good to go.
Then we use the tops of our mason jars to cut a circle.
Build the bottom.
Form the sides.
And then I've got to cut the tops out.
Here we go. You power-bake them.
These go in th pop in the oven at 350, two, three minutes.
We're gonna get into the filing?
We're gonna make the filling. Start with butter.
So you feel that it's okay to give copious amounts of butter in your food
I do. because you have a boxing ring?
I fatten them up. Steve trims them down.
We're gonna add boneless chicken thighs.
Get your fly with the chicken thigh.
Doesn't dry outas much as white meat does.
We tried itwith white meat.
And then brown that.
Then we're gonna add in a little chopped onion and add diced celery, and diced little carrot.
A little kosher salt We're gonna add in a little chicken stock.
We're gonna let that simmer.
So, while that's browning, we're gonna make the roux.
We're going to start with a little butter.
Whisk in a little flour to thicken a little bit.
Okay, with the chicken stock. Add the chicken stock.
Heavy cream.
Stir that till it thickens.
So, the roux goes in with the chicken.
And now the corn so it stays nice and tender.
Parsley.
So, we'll let it continue to tighten up.
Okay, so, we have rrese baked off. [chuckles] Now you're gonna fill them.
All the way to the top.
That's a nice, little portion you're giving in there.
Then we're gon top it with a circle of pie dough.
And we're gonna pop them in the oven.
And they're ready to taste.
Smoking hot.
Really nice, flaky crust, and the key tt corn.
Fresh corn.
But the kicker Chicken thigh makes it.
Yep.
That dark meat. Yep.
is still tender and great flavor.
Oh, there's a little bit of crust on the side.
Oh! There you go.
Come to papa.
Muffled Nice job.
Give me some of that. It's amazing.
I mean, it's loaded with vegetables, which is awesome.
It's almost like a cookie.
It's got a little sweetness to it, but it is just delicIIus.
Good job you got the gym right next door.
I plan on working out after I eat.
Bell dings Have you guys been in the ring? Yes.
I boxed my brother t days before his wedding in that ring 'cause his rehearsal dinner was here.
Seriously?
And what is your favorite menu item?
The mac-and-cheese bites.
These are good. Mac-and-cheese muffins.
Mac-and-cheese muffins.
one of my favorite words.
Butter? Butter!
Flour.
And add in the milk.
We're gonna add a little Worcestershire.
Have some salt here, too. Would you like that?
I would love that. Thank you.
Now we're ready for the Gruyèère.
Whose recipe was this? This is mine.
We're gonna add a little cheddar.
Local goat cheese.
Local go cheese? Unbelievable taste.
Delicious.
I like the tang of that.
I fold that in and dump the pasta down.
Oh, we should probably just test this.
That's gonna be fine.
ot on, is it?
Cut!
We're actually gonna make a little bit of a panko mixture to put on the bottom of the muffin tins.
Start with panko crumbs.
Extra virginlive oil.
Add in some fresh ground garlic.
Want me to hit this? Yes, please.
Okay. Really good so they come right out easily.
Oh, really good. Like, really good.
A little fresh parman cheese.
So, that little mixture now ?
Now we're going to fill it.
Just fill a little bit on the bottom of each.
While you do that, I'm just gonna make sure that nothing has changed over here on this.
[laughs] Still okay.
Now we blind bake this off?
Yep, brown for about a minute.
And now we're going to fill them.
[laughs] What?
Sprinkle a little bit of the panko. You sprinkle that on top so it gets a little crunch on top.
Yep.
Bake them off.
For about 8 to 10 minutes.
10 muffins in a basket.
Ahh, it's like culinary Christmas!
Look at that little c-and-cheese nugget/slammer/popper.
And whatever of the fat of the cheese that was melting got captured down here in the little panko zone.
The key is the outside crunchiness. Yeah.
Mm This is like an extra week, now, at the gym.
You're the bomb, Andi.
You got to try this one.
Does everybody in Phoenix know about this?
It's still a little underground, but more and more people are finding out about it.
I mean, you can't beat it.
It's just The Duce.
Coming up
One, two, three, and one for me.
we're headed to Vancouver for some legit seafood
Right in there. It's a shovel bag!
There you go. So, I just I wear it!
coming out of a streamlined mobile kitchen.
Somebody has got to take all of his moves and put this to some disco music.
I'm cruising through the downtown of Vancouver, British Columbia, just a few blocks from the water.
Now, the business people in this area are looking for a quick lunch.
The great thing about this corner is, they can get a quick lunch that's also fresh, local, and wild.
Fresh seafood? Oh, yeah.
That does it? Oh, absolutely.
We're literally a block away from the ocean.
Finding organic food in a street truck is not easy.
But chef and owner Josh Wolfe wouldn't really call this a street truck anyway.
I call it a restaurant.
Just happens to have wheels on it.
'Cause this place is a permanent fixture on downtown Vancouver's Burrard and West Hastings.
So, how'd you pick this corner?
For me, it was really ÷÷portant to be in a spot where people do lunch.
I want people who want to eat.
No problem.
Vancouver's a city that really believes in their food.
Local food is something that's really important to us.
So, of course, you got to have the Canadian mashup, poutine.
How do you describe it here? Classic poutine French friesa beef gravy or a brown gravy, and cheese curds.
But this poutine is the fresh, local, wild way.
We're not gonna usebrown gravy.
We're gonna makeseafood gravy 'cause
Of course we are. I don't know if you noticed, but the ocean's t blocks away.
I dig it, I dig it and you got people starting to line up, so what are we gonna cook?
Butter. We use a littleit of canola oil.
We got our fat down there.
We're gonna lay our base flavor layer down.
Shallots, garlic.
A little fennel You okay with that? Ooh!
Carrots, a little celery. Give them a little stir.
We'll get them sweated down just a little bit, and then we're gonna hit them with the love.
This is gonna get ridiculous.
I know, I know, I know, I know.
Clams going down.
Now we need the liquid.
Good, old white wine. Bay leaves little aromatics.
Black pepper. White pepper. Imitates French laugh Coriander seed beautiful with shellfish.
Déjeuniez.
J-j-juniper!
Fantastic, and now just to round it out, a little bit of fresh thyme. Yeah.
We're gonna seal the deal.
Let them steam. Keep all the liquid in there When those clams start to open, we're gonna throw down our mussels 'cause we don't want to overcook anything.
We're gonna try and do it all right.
Somebody has got to take all of his moves and put this to some disco music.
Disco music playing He has got so much animation, I want Stayin' Alive. I want a little B Gees.
Breathing rhythmically We're gonna separate the liquid from the mussels and clams and we're gonna chill those down so we can handle them.
Now these are cooled down to where you can handle them.
Look at that beautiful mussel.
So, clams and mussels Shells back in.
Shells back in.
Next up? Now we need something put all those beautiful shellfish into, so we're gonna talk chowder.
So, really, we are making a chowder?
Yeah, we are making a chowder. That's gonna go over fries?
Absolutely.
[sizzling] That's bacon. That's smoked bacon. Okay, pork belly. Nice.
Equal part onion. We're gonna start those melting down.
We're gonna throw in the same base flavors that we used.
And we're gonna sweat all that out.
So, we're rendered down. We got enough fat in there.
Now we'll add a little flour, build a roux.
And then we're just gonna st it real good, make sure everything's coated.
What are you throwing in next?
A little me of that white wine. Okay.
Limited moisture, maximum flavor.
Oh, I'm gonna overeat. I can already tell.
[laughs] A little heavy cream.
So, you got the nice richness of the heavy cream working with the roux, but it doesn't have to be all heavy cream if you have a nice roux in there.
We're gonna use milk for the rest of that.
So, this is the liquor that we strained out from all the shells that we cooked.
Yeah, you did.
Yeah, you did!
All right, so, we're gonna bring this up to a simmer.
To serve this, we're gonna take our portion of gravy.
We're gonna add those beautiful shellfish that we picked before.
Thatuch shellfish? ! Yeah, why not?
That's more shellfish than you get at most seafood restaurants for a nice plate at $21. 9 Well, tell everyone you know.
Alright, fries down, and that gravy's nice and bubbly hot.
I'm gonna throw a little parsley to finish it.
Ladies and gentlemen, you are stepping into the ridiculous zone.
Look at the cascading deliciousness.
My friend, that looks dynamite.
ere you go. Now, how do you attack it?
Just dump it right in there. It's a shovel bag!
ere you go. So, I just I wear it!
I'm gonna try to do the old chopstick French fry.
There we go. That's one of the new methods.
There we go. !
Delicate flavor, rich flavor, not over-seasoned, super-crunchy fries, and look at all the seafood.
Look at that big mussel right there.
I've had some crazy fries in my life.
This is the first time I've ever had seafood fries, and incredibly well done.
Here we go, guys! I got those poSSines you're dying for!
In the world of poutine, this is. Absolutely delicious.
What do you think makes it so good? Good-quality food.
Like, you can tell everything's made fresh.
WOLFE: Fresh sh comes, a lot of it, directly from the fishermen.
There's boats coming in every day.
You're a block away from the water. I am.
I'm four blocks away from Fisherman's Wharf.
B. C. 's kwn for some absolutely stunning oysters.
These happen to be some of the biggest ones you can find.
And he's piling them up po'-boy style for a chicken-fried oyster sandwich with trailer-made tartar sauce.
What are we making? Buttermilk The buttermilk has a really nice acidity to it.
A creamy acidity. A creamy acidity.
Which mixes well with this.
Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
A little of my favorite hot sauc I know. Sriracha Just a little. Maybe a little more.
Okay. Oysters are going down.
We take them, we marinate them. All right, in the fridge.
Go to marinate. Okay, and then what are we gonna dredge them ?
Just a little simple flour. All-purpose flour.
Look at the size of these things. Those are big boys.
How many come in an order?
Three, but I'm gonna eat one off the edge the while you're eating the sandwich. Oh, is that how that's gonna work?
I'm a little selfish right now. I'm thinking about me. Okay.
And then we'll fry some oysters. Then we're gonna cook some oysters.
Down into some canola oil.
S those gorgeous Ready? Pull them!
Little salt the end.
Boom, we're gonna serve them up.
Beautil, soft, toasted bun.
Tartar sauce on both sides.
One, two, three. And one for me.
All right. Romaine lettuce.
I love shredded romaine lettuce on this one.
It's simple. That's all you. Look at that!
[laughing] Oh!
I know that look!
Delicious. This is simple.
It's rich. It's delicate.
Nice tartar sauce to complement, and just a nice, little crunch on the outside of a monster of an oyster.
You killed it completely, man.
It's actually my favorite sandwich.
nne homemade tartar sauce is out of this world.
What do you think? !
She's saying it's very delicious.
The seafood's incredibly fresh.
Was I correct? Yes.
Congrats, man. You rock it out. Cheers.
Big time. Cheers.
Guy's bananas.
He's wild, ridiculous, and out of control.
Or fresh, local, and wild. You call it.
Up a head on our hour of wild joints
This is gonna get messy.
an old feedstore in Oregon
Try and put that in your mouth.
I'm about 10 miles southeastof Tacoma, Washington, in Puyallup.
Now, as most of you know, it's home to the Puyalp Fair, one of the top 10 fairs in the country, but for me, I'm here for a funky, little Triple D joint.
It was once a feedstore, then an antique shop, and now it's Crockett's Public House.
Mom's sloppy joe coming up!
I actually eat here more than I probably eat atome.
This is the place? This is the place.
All cheer Dreamt up and built up by owner Shaun Brobak
I'm a career restaurant guy.
who got his start washing dishes at age 16.
I practiced and got experience on everybody else's restaurants.
Smartest thing in the world you can do.
And he found a kindred spirit in Chef Brian Johnston.
I started out washing dishes.
Really cool chef gave me a shot.
Now a couple of guys who came through the ranks are dropping culinary bombs on the peeps of Puyallup like this mesquite-smoked peel-away piece of heaven.
Fire-grilled artichokes up!
Give me the breakdown.
You want to takethe bottom leaves off a little bit tougher.
We're gonna peel the bottom leas and the stem, start seeing just the white part in the middle that's real tender. That tender meat, kind of like the heart of the artichoke.
Then you're gonna want to cut it in half ght down the middle of the stem.
Got it. Get it cut in half.
Look at that, huh?
We're gonna dig out all the fibers on the inside right down to the bottom of the artichoke, then they go straight in the boiling water.
Is the water salted?
Salted, yes.
Okay, so, we let these go for 10 minutes, pull them out, hit them ian ice bath. Yep.
Now, we're gonna make the Calabrian aioli from Calabria, the peppers.
You want to take the seeds out of them first.
Seeds and stems are off.
The lemon juice.
And we have some Dijon mustard.
Puree the pepper.
This is gonna be strong, huh?
Probably a little spicy. [whistles] All right, so, we're gonna take this.
Now fold it into the mayo.
Yes. Got it.
All right, artichokes are done.
The artichokes are ready. You can take them to the grill.
We're gonna brush them with a little bit of canola oil, and we're gonna season them a little seasoning salt.
They go right on the fire.
Excellent.
I'm an artichoke-eating machine.
And then serve that with the Calabrian aioli?
This is my favorite part getting right down here to the heart of it.
Into a little bit of that aioli.
Nice and tender.
Just give it a little dip right there.
And the kicker is that smoke from the mesquite.
I wish you would've made some for yourself.
You're not sharin'? Here's the deal.
My name's not Sharon. It Fieri.
I don't think that we've ever done roasted artichokes on Triple D, and I don't think I've ever had one of the chefs call me Sharon. [laughs] Couple firsts.
Artichokes in the window!
I have never tasted anything quite like this.
Plating flagship!
And this joint's got a menu with everything
Colossal shrimp!
but the kitchen sink.
St. Louis ribs in the window!
And he's en turning this classic Italian dish
Public House meatballs.
into a high-end, meaty feast.
Now we make the meatballs. Yep.
We've got gelatin and water.
We're gonna bloom the gelatin first.
It's gonna kind of hold the meatballs together, and we'll set that aside.
Then we're going bread crumbs.
Buttermilk.
Incorporate all that fat and a little bit of that tang.
Then we're just using the egg yolk just for the richness.
Fresh garlic.
[whistles] Next, we use the gelatin that we bloomed.
Get it mixed in with the bread crumbs.
We've got fresh ground pepper.
hh Cayenne pepper.
Little bit of heat.
White pepper, chili flakes, kosher salt.
Just get it all mixed in.
Next up, we're going with ground veal, then we're going with the Kurobuta pork.
Kurobuta pork, so you're talking, like, the high end of pork.
And then we've got fresh-ground sirloin.
Big in flavor.
So you're using the big three, which I think is completely necessary, but you're going to the extreme.
And then the prosciutto, also.
Of course.
These are $95 meatballs.
[laughs] Mix that.
Now, what would you like me to do besides finish the prosciutto?
Well, if we have any left, we're gonna put the prosciutto in.
Uh-huh. Mr. Funny-funny.
[laughs] Got fresh-chopped parsley.
Mm Italian? Yes.
Grated Pecorino Romano.
We're gonna mix one more time.
So, now we're gonna form the meatballs about 4½½ ounces.
Gonna roast these off in the oven 350, 20, 25 minutes.
Absolutely.
All right, man Meatballs are done?
Yep. Meatballs done.
Okay, so we've got our marinara.
Three meatballs.
We're gonna go chopped pistachios.
Seriously?
Didn't s that coming.
The Grana Padano.
Parmesan cheese. [laughs] I like this move. Fresh, grated lime zest.
Adds a nice, little zing to it.
Aa There we go!
This is gonna get messy.
[chuckles]
That's a really tender meatball.
It's real traditional in the way you made it, using the three meats.
You add your own little twist to it, throwing these pistachios on top.
But the lime zest really key.
Needs a little more prosciutto, though.
[laughs] Public House meatballs up!
These meatballs are amazing.
This is a wonderful treat for a meal.
What are we gonna make next?
Jj Mom's sloppy joe.
Let's start it off.
Start with canola oil, hot pan.
[sizzling] We're going fresh-ground sloin.
[sizzling] Fresh-ground Kurobuta pork.
Meat's browned.
We're gonna add diced red onion and diced red bell pepper.
We got fresh minced garlic, some minced jalapeños.
And then we're gonna stir and kind of let it cook a little bit.
Next up?
Gonna hit it with some red wine.
Some red-wine vinega And some Worcestershire sauce.
Tomato sauce.
Tomato paste.
Dark brown sugar.
Dry mustard. Cumin.
Cayenne pepper. Paprika.
It's like speed sloppy.
Fresh black pepper and kosher salt.
Mix it all up, let it cook down.
How long's this gonna cook?
This is gonna cook for about a half hour, 40 minutes.
Tapping Ready? I'm ready.
Okay. We're gonna go coleslaw first.
Then we've got a sesame-seed brioche bu Got our hot sloppy joe mix here.
[whistles] And it is sloppy.
Put a big pile of crispy, fried onion rings.
Just got the bun on the side.
And that's it.
Try to put that in your mouth.
That's ridiculous.
You guys haven't seen the hunch in a while, have you?
Arms up, loosening the neck, tating.
Oh, yeah!
In the world of sloppy joes, there has to be some key pieces.
One, the tang.
Got to have a little bit of heat, not hot, but a little bit of heat, little bit of spice, but the key important piece is texture.
There's got to be texture in the meat.
This has got all those components, and then the kicker
get some of these onion straws.
Great sloppy joe. That is up there.
Whosever mom made this, she's TheMomTheBomb. com.
Yeah Mom's sloppy joe coming up!
I don't know that I would've driven through this little town anthought I was gonna find food like this, but this is the kind of joints we want in Triple D. Coming up
This might be one of the funkiest things we've ever tried.
we're headed to the basement
for a jamming restaurant going way, way out with the waffles.
Shut the front door!
On the road to Flavortown I say it all the time if it's funky, I'll find it.
I'm here in Syracuse, New York,right by the campus this is called S. U. Hill to check out a joint that's funky.
How funky? you ask.
So funky, it's called Funk-n-Waffles.
Wait, wait, wt
Rapping indistinctly And this is like adult version of waffles.
Falafel waffle. There's nothing like it.
Wait, wait, wait
Who runs around with a bunch of waffle irons?
These guys.
Syracuse grads Kyle Corea and Adam Gold.
We threw these crazy house parties when we were in college.
I'd be deejaying with my buddy,II and my business partner Kyle would be slinging waffles at the bar.
Get your beer. You get your waffles. Really?
Just handing them out. And in 2007, they made it legit and kept it underground when they opened this joint in the basement.
Savory waffles and breakfast waffles and lunch waffles and frie chicken and waffles.
Battered fried chicken on top of a fresh buttermilk waffle.
We're gonna make some buttermilk batter here.
For ?
The fried chicken and waffleish.
And the batter is for the. For the waffle, but we're also gonna use the batter for the chicken.
That's like chicken and waffles to another level. It is.
We're gonna start with the buttermilk first.
I'm gonna pour this milk right here.
Next up, we're gonna bring this thing to temp.
Gonna use the espresso machine's steamer.
We're gonna make our own buttermilk.
Living on the edge.
All right, so now, lemon juice.
Gonna turn this into our buttermilk.
You don't even need to mix it.
We're gonna separate some eggs, like this style.
Gangster. Oh, yeah.
I'm gonna whisk these egg whites till they're a bit foamy.
And now we're gonna mix the buttermilk and the egg whites.
Throw them in there.
I'm gonna whisk the yolks a bit.
So, we are going toadd the yolks and the butter together into the rest of the wet mix.
Nn All right, let's keep this thing popping.
Dry time We're gonna start with our local, organic, all-purpose white flour.
We're gonna throw in sugar.
All right, we got sa and the baking powder.
Okay. Now I'm gonna whisk it up a little bit.
Put the wet in the dry mix.
And now the waffle batter's ready go.
We're gonna make some fried chicken wings.
First, we're gonna marinate the wings in buttermilk? That's right.
We're gonna let it soak overnight.
Next up, we're gonna make a dredge.
Organic A. P.
Some bread crumbs. Paprika.
Cayenne joink. Joink?
You hear that on Scooby-Doo. It's always zoink. That's your own That's my own thing. Yeah.
Garlic powder. New sound?
Ska-blam. [laughs] Kosher salt. Black pepper. Okay.
Let's whisk these guys up.
So, that's the dredge. So, let's get some of this.
Look at that foamy frothing. See, it kind of changed a little bitright?
Yeah. It thickened up.
We're going to load it up in this guy, thin this out with a little bit of whole milk.
That's just 'cause it would be way too coaty-coaty.
Right.
Stir it up. Now it's thin enough.
Time to batter these wings.
Go! Let's get this up in here.
All right, there's our six.
We're gonna take this buttermilk batter, and we're gonna soften in here.
They're gonna rage in there for a sec.
Throw them in the dredge. We're gonna place it right here.
You got all six of these guys. Now we're gonna drop it.
We're gonna drop a butt. A what?
A butt short for buttermilk.
Drop a butt! Dropping a butt.
That's so thin!
It's all right. We can make a little mess.
Look at that. There we go. And we're gonna spin her.
There's another move that we do here So, we drop it like this That way, when it wants to expand, it's locked in.
You're gonna start hearing some funny sounds.
Squeaking What is going on right now?
This is still urgling.
Urgling is the term? It's urgling?
I clearly should just write like a new dictionary for this restaurt.
The Funk-n dictionary. All right.
We can make the sauce our house special sauce.
Get some maple syrup up in here.
Hot sauce.
And cinnamon.
Interesting.
I'm gonna give this a little whisk. Okay.
try and incorporate it.
That's our sauce.
These wings are ready.
Wow Look how nice that looks.
Here is the chicken and waffles.
I want to just try the wing by itself.
Fried chicken is righteous, man.
So, is there an appropriate way that you s I mean, I feel it's sacrilege to eat this with a fork.
I'm gonna go with this.
Kind of like double-fisting it. Yes.
The waffle's dynamite nice and crisp.
Get the buttermilk.
You get the little sour coming through that.
The fried chicken is sweet, crispy, spicy I mean, just all the components of it.
And then the syrup I mean, that's just what pushes it over the top.
! I'm glad you like it.
It is delish It's really crunchy, and that's why I like it.
I love hot sauce and maple syrup.
It's one of my favorite things.
And for the ultimate comfort food, the bird is the word.
Jive turkey.
A Thanksgiving dinner on top of a waffle.
All right, we're gonna make the jive turkey, and that starts out with our stuffing batter Some cubed-up bread.
Celery. A little caramelized onion.
I got our eggs and rosemary.
Kosher salt.
A little bit of chicken broth.
Fresh ground pepper. Spin this thing around.
So, this is gonna go in a waffle maker?
That's right. This guy's ready to go.
Load that up.
I've never en this before. All right.
That is just, in so many ways, weird.
Weird can be cool.
And now that the waffle's down, we're gonna start preparing everything else.
We got some turkey rit here. Got it.
This iprobably one of the weirdest waffles I've ever seen, but I am going to steal this.
All righty, this guy's ready to go.
Let's just trim him up a little bit.
Look at this thing!
Sniffs, sighs Let's throw some of this turkey on there.
Let's get some of these mashed potatoes.
My mouth is firing up.
Oh, yeah.
Then let's get a little bit of gravy on it.
We're gonna throw some cranberry sauce.
This might be one of the funkiest things we've ever tried. [laughing] Yeah.
[laughs]
Shut the front door!
Oh, my gosh! That is killer!
This is righteous.
The stuffing It's the crunch, the texture.
Mashed potatoes are legit.
That is funkin' ridiculous.
Dude, that has changed Thanksgiving for me forever.
I'm coming here for Thanksgiving.
You're in. Welcome to Flavortown. Appreciate it.
Wait, wait, wait
It is probably the most ridiculous funkin' waffle I've ever had. Out of this world.
Delicious. I mean, you can't go wrong.
This may be, like, the capital of Flavortown.
Rapping indistinctly Wait, wait
So, that's it for this road trip, but don't worry.
We got plenty more joints to find all over this country!
I'll be looking for younext time on Diners, Drive-Insand Dives !
Oh, let's get a close-upvvof right now.
Look what he's doing He's taking a pictureof himself.
Oh, my goodness,look at that so handsome, so smart,so talented.
AAI'm not even I'm talking about the guybehind you, Guy, not you.
narrator Here comes the bride, and the cake.
Oh, my word!
We are gathered together to celebrate the biggest
It is tall. It is grand.
and most delicious wedding cakes in the country.
Sticky and gooey and so yummy.
So, we got some ewers in the water so they don't burn up.
The pulpo is cooled down.
We just take a couple tentacles.
Chop it. Chunks. Small chunks.
That's it? And then you just throw it on a skewer?
Yes. That's it.
On the grill? Off to the grill.
And what kind of wood?
from the mountain.
From the mountain? Yep.
Got it. I like the tortilla prs.
Yeah. This a gif from my grandmother.
We do like 40 kilos every day times seven years.
Really? Cayou imagine how many tortillas this press made?
Just this press?
Just this press, yep. You have to do by hand.
Just put it there.
Just press a little bit.
Do it again because it's not equal.
So, when you turn it the other way, you get an even press?
You got to basically do it twice.
And this is a corn tortilla. Three minutes to cook.
We can
Beautiful tortilla.
You make your own masa?
Yep. That's the secret, buddy.
That's the secret, buddy.
We start with the skewer.
Just take like this.
Put some pico on there.
The octopus is so fresh, it tastes like the sea.
It's got texture.
The pico de gallo really is nice.
The handmade tortilla, it's fresh, it's moist.
Simple and delicious. mean, that's the key.
And the rule is less is more, you know.
Less is more. Outstanding.
You can taste the octopus.
It has a very nice flavor.
It's not, like, chewy.
It's, like, crunchy because it's grilled.
Delicious. One of the best ones here in Cabo.
You come to Cabo, you will be happy.
Because it's a paradise.
Yojust come here and you live like on vacation.
And what better way to top off a day at the beach?
Bell rings Tacos!
And you just never who's gonna show up to get some.
e of my favorite bands, Rage Against the Machine.
This is my buddy Brad Wilk, the drummer from Rage.
Tell me about the taco experience here.
This is the best place to come down and eat tacos.
They just make them right here.
Go figure. I wonder why.
Both laugh Always gonna be delicious, always gonna be fresh.
So, like, if you don't like seafood, they also have pork.
Vampiro.
I got the Vampiro, which is a tostada with some pork on it, some of the pineapple salsa that they have here, which is excellent.
Now we're going to make the pineapple salsa for the pork chop Vampiro.  We just need some oil.
And then some green onions is the key The small ones, not the big ones.
Not the big ones.
A little salt, pepper. Plum sauce.
Like Chinese plum sauce? Yeah.
Seriously? Yeah.
Do you use plum sauce in Mexican cooking a lot?
No. No, this is like a fusion.
This is you going crazy. Yeah. Pineapple jelly.
Sriracha sauce, and then we have the pineapple juice.
And then some fresh pineapple, as well.
So, let this cook down. 20 minutes.
Now, wre gonna blend the big chunks, because we just want the flavor.
The sabor. The sabor.
Huh? I think your Spanish is better than my English.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Pineapple juice. Yep.
The lid.
This is the same, but it's just small pieces so you can bite it.
So, this continues to cook a little bit longer?
About 20 minutes, yes, sir, it is.
Outstanding. Delicious.
So, we got the pineapple salsa cooked down, reduced, and now it's cool.
Now we're gonna make the Vampiro. Okay.
We have the corn shell tortilla.
What kind of cheese? Monter.
Monterey Jack? Yeah.
The pork chop.
Here, the pork chop is the loin without the bone.
It's on top of the taco.
You can taste the sweet and the salty from theMMork.
You know what it tastes like?
A really thin crust Hawaiian pineapple pizza.
The saltiness of the pork, the sweet and the sour from the pineapple.
What do you call it? Vampiro.
What does that mean? Vampire.
Vampire? Yeah.
As many times as I've been to Mexico, I have never had Vampiro.
Outstanding. Glad you like it.
You're the man. Way more than a taco stand, dude.
Way more.
It's a good taste, the combination.
The salsa is one of the best salsas I ever have tried.
It's very, very fresh, sweet. It's delicious.
I love it on just about anything that I order here.
Pretty funky joint, but the tacos are of the best?
They are. They're great.
[laughs] This is the taco spot.
I'm done. My job here is done.
Coming up, we're headed to the marina
Light it up. for the perfect front-row seat to the freshest catch of the day.
Real typical dish you seein Mexico all the time.
So, if you've ever been to Cabo San Lucas before, this looks familiar.
It's the marina. All kinds of shops, all kinds of restaurants.
This is where you go fishing from.
Now, the place that I'm taking you to, I've been there before.
If you're looking for some real-deal food and a great view, you got to check out Solomon's Landing.
You'll love the food, you'll love the atmosphere, everything about the place.
Spectacular views, very romantic.
And the food, well, as you can see, is to die for.
And you can thank owner Brian Solomon for that, a California ex-pat who ditched the corporate life to buy this former taco stand back in '95.
Over the years, Brian's ansformed the taquería into a laid-back, outdoor oasis.
He goes all out. He just caters to his customers.
And he really wins them over with this fresh catch.
Stuffed fish. Straight out of San Lucas Bay.
Tantalizes the taste buds.
So, what are we gonna make?
We're gonnggmake the lobster sauce.
So, we got everything mirepoix, shrimp shells, lobster shells, lobster claws, you name it.
It's all in here.
Got it.
So, that's been roasted off.
Now we're gonna put some butter into there.
Now we're gonna put a little brandy in here.
There you go.
Flour there.
And we're just gonna cook it down a little bit.
Now the water.
How long are we gonna let this cook down for?
Probably about 20 minute Add a little roux to there to thicken it up a little bit more.
Shrimp base to give it a little bit more depth. Okay.
A little bit of tomato pur to give it some color.
Reduce this down.
Strain it off.
So, now we have the lobster reduction done.
Did you catch the fish?
Actually, I did not, but he wasa happy camper yesterd.
So this is that fresh?
Really?
This is actually what they call a true red snapper.
In Spanish, they call huachinango.
There's the filets.
Basically, you dip it in whole-e batter.
Panko it.
Then put it in clarified butter on the grill.
Char them up on the grill.
Now we're gonna make the finishing sauce that's gonna go on top of the fish. Correct.
A little olive oil, a little garlic.
I'm gonna add tomatoes, onions, mushrooms, and some white wine.
Real typical dish you see in Mexico all the time.
Now we're gonna add the lobster sauce.
Marinara. And heavy cream.
So, let this reduce down a little bit, and then this will go on top of the fish.
Plate it up. Okay.
Cilantro risotto.
Another piece.
And now the little sucker that brings it all to life.
And there. We're ready to eat.
First, I got to say, you could put the lobster sauce on a flip-flop rr and it would taste good.
I mean, literally.
The risotto, with that cilantro is nice, bright, fresh, clean flavor.
The richness of the lobster is outrageous.
Good one. Really nice. Excellent. Thank you very much.
Your delicious stuffed fish.
It's always flaky. I know it's fresh.
We get the freshest seafood here.
It's three or four hours from ocean to plate.
And you just can't beat watching the sun rise while chowing down on this classic Mexican breakfast.
A dish of chilaqles.
If you want real chilaquiles, this is the place to come? Yes.
All right, Chef, now, what are we into?
We're making the red sauce with chilaquiles.
stewed-down tomatoes, onions, peppers, garlic?
Uh-huh.
Okay. That's it.
Put some olive oil in there.
Almost get to where it's smoking.
We're gonna actually scorch it in the very beginning.
The first part goes in there.
Really want to have that scorched flavor.
A little pan juice in there.
Now we're gonna add a little bit of chicken base and salt and pepper.
Let that cook downmm just a little bit longer, and then I'm gonna add the tomato sauce in there to give it some color.
What's next? What we're gonna do is take a sauté pan.
We're gonna pour the sauce we just made into there.
Boiled chicken.
We're gonna add the cilantro.
In with the tortillas.
oo Fried tortilla chips.
Nice, big, thick tortillas.
Now we're going to start plating.
This is fresh cheese aceeally made here in the Baja they call farmer's cheese.
Take a little heat off the palate.
Red onions, and then some sour cream, and a sprig of cilantro.
Sprig? That's like a garden.
Now, I have had a lot of chilaquiles.
You want them to get a little bit soggy but still have texture in the tortilla.
A little bit of heat in that.
The texture's great, the flavor's great, the spice isn't too much.
A little sour cream, a little farmer's cheese in there.
You'll get a dip the guacamole.
What I love about it, Chef, is just all the little component that you take that extratep with, and it really makes a real deal.
Awesome. Outstanding, man.
Best chilaquiles I ever ied, not even at home.
Sorry, Mom.
When we come back, Chef has got a hangover delight.
Killer stuffed French toast. See you in a little bit.
Triple D in Cabo San Lucas.
Welcome back.
Triple D going international, across the border, Cabo San Lucas.
And we'r hanging out at Solomon's Landing.
Now, we have tried fantastic chilaquiles.
We've also tried what they call a stuffed fish.
This, this is supposed to be, from what I've heard from everybody around here, the hangover cure of all time.
Stuffed French toast.
After some tough nights in Cabo, it'll help you a little bit withour hangover.
What are we into?
This is the compote for the stuffed French toast.
Starting out with a little whole butter, fresh strawberries, bananas.
Raw sugar.
Frozen strawberry compote.
Now we're gonna add >>little brandy to really bind these flavors really good.
Next up?
A nice, big pullman loaf.
You bake it?
We have a bakery that bakes it for us. Okay.
We're just gonna slice a couple pieces off of here.
Now we're going to put some''ream cheese on both sides so we can stuff it.
Now we're gonna stuff it with the fresh strawberries.
We try to usea local product.
A lot of the year, we're ableto get local-gro strawberries.
Now we're gonna go in for some bananas.
Okay.
Now we're gonna push it together.
Let's hit it, brother.
Now, what's in our batter over here?
Eggs, milk, cinnamon, nutmeg, cream?
And brandy.
Compote with the brand Beautiful.
I'm not a huge breakfast fan, but I do appreciate good French toast.
A little bit of sweet, a lot of fruit.
Some banana.
Really nice.
No need for any syrup.
The juice from the compote itself is just great.
Can't beat it. Well, thank you.
Can't beat it. Delicious.
It's unbelievable.
I tell them we can never make it at home.
Good food, good price, good people.
I love this place.
Nice job, Chef. Well done. Thank you very much.
Up next
I'm picking up rrat you're laying down.
the sushi spot. I like where that starts.
rocking outthe deep-fried fusion flavors.
So, on my final leg of this Triple D tour of Cabo San Lucas, I found myself back at the marina, not too far from Solomon's Landing.
I'm here to check out a joint that my buddy Gorilla You remember Gorilla Rich from Gorilla Barbeque in Pacifica He says he's been to this place a bunch of times.
It's off the hook. This is Tiki Bar.
Fish tacos are ready.
This is our local spot to come to.
It's in kind of a touristy area.
Locals and tourists, we mix and mingle well.
It's right here on the marina. I love the food, everything.
Just the kind of place owner Moises Gonzalez was looking for after he became a local in 2005.
A place r people to come in, hang out.
Couldn't find a place like home in Cali.
Really?
And to make it feel more like home for the locals, chef Manuel Aradando is taking advantage of the surroundings.
I know it's fresh 'cause if I didn't catch it, my friends did.
So, fresh fish all the time, every day?
Every day.
The sushi is excellent here.
That's right sushi in a Mexican joint.
It's fresh. You can't fake that.
the classic rolls like the rainbow and spide to the turducken of sushi.
Heavy nagasaki.
Layers of fresh fish inside a butterflied shri roll drizzled with homemade eel sauce.
You s it every day.
We're gonna prepare todaythe heavy nagasaki.
So, what we're gonna do is start with this surimi salad.
And this is imitation crab. Imitation crab.
We're gonna add a little bit of mayonnaise.
The masago. That is the
Fish e ggs. fish eggs.
Add the togarashi.
Japanese peppers, with a little bit of sesame seeds and orange zest.
And last but not least, the Sriracha.
So, then whawe're gonna do is just mix it up a little bit.
Try it.
I like where that starts.
I don't know why you got to do anything else to it.
This tastes great. [laughs] We're gonna take our Pacific blue shrimp.
We are going to butterfly it, and then we do one more.
So once and then twice? That's correct.
Then we're gonna go ahead and do our salad.
Okay.
Next, we're gonna do a piece of salmon.
That guy's a surgeon.
There we go.
[speaking indistinctly] Then we fold it, and we wrap it in nori, the seaweed.
Nn I'm picking up what you're laying down.
These are beautiful.
Then our tempura, and then bread crumbs.
Fold it in tempura like this.
Then the bread.
All good to go. Okay.
So, the next thing, we're gonna fry.
And we're gonna serve it with the eel sauce.
A little rose. Very nice.
Mango sauce.
And th more eel sauce.
Finish it off with a little red sesame seeds, and we have some microgreens.
Gorgeous plate.
 Okay.
The way you treat the shrimp and the tenderness of that shrimp is outrageous.
Outrageous.
Although it was fried, it doesn't have a real heavy fried taste to it.
It's very light.
The salad has just enough of the Sriracha.
A little hint of the salmon.
This is outstanding. Thank you.
Oh!
Heavy nagasaki up.
Super-crispy and really delicious.
We're at the southern tip of the Baja Peninsula where the fishing is the greatest in the world So it's the freshest in town.
I love this restaurant. I come here every day, ever since he's had it.
Just bring people here. It's a wonderful spot.
I'm just like you guys. I mean, you go somewhere, you're like, Where should I go eat? A funky little place small and these guys do it legit.
We got to do more sushi on Triple D. So, that's it for this edition of the Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives Cabo tour.
Now, before you leave, there's one joint you got to check out.
It's not about the food. It's all about the rock.
This is the Cabo Wabo Cantina.
Rock music playing I hope Sammy's in the house.
00 Yeah! Sammy Hagar!
Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives, we in Cabo, baby! Whoo!
[laughter] Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives, all of them.
Triple D. Cabo. Yes!
There's your outtakes.
[laughter], applause The local diner is an American tradition, but one by one, they're disappearing off the map.
It is so hard to keep up.
Located between Detroitand Toledo on Lake Erie, Monroe, Michigan, is one ofthe oldest towns in the state.
Named after President James Monroe, this is General Custer's childhood home.
And a walk down main street Monroe is proof that this a textbook all-American town, complete with its ow hometown diner Dena's.
I don't go to any other diners in town.
don't want to mention any other names, but I prefer my Dena's.
It feels just like home.
You could get breakfast anywhere, but you cannot get the love that pours out in that restaurant.
It's just a fascinating place to come, not only for the food, but the way that Dena makes people feel.
She's head and shoulders above everybody else in Monroe.
That's just the way I feel about it.
Originally openi as Al's Diner back in the '50s, Dena Voukides is the current owner of Monroe's favorite diner.
When Dena immigrated here from Greece throug the former owner recognized Dena's passion and gave her the diner for next to nothing.
Since I was 13 years old, I've always dreamed of havinmy own business.
I learned how to take an order from the restaurant before I learned to speak English.
You know, being an outsider from Monroe, they make me feel like I'm one of their families.
give you a ride home, okay?
To me, Dena represents the essence of community.
Living by the motto Where frien are family, Dena has continually opened her doors to the neediest in Monroe, holding fundraisers and donating resources for families who ve fallen on hard times.
You know, with us working with the homeless, Dena's always feeding the homeless, she's always sending us stuff.
She just gives from the bottom of her heart.
I have established some really beautiful relationships with a lot of people here.
I feel that a lot in my life because my actual family's not here.
Voice breaking And, uh, a lot of people here have filled their voidin my life.
And I think that's what keeps me moving and pushing as much as I can because not only I don't want to disappoint myself, but most of all, I don't want to disappoint them.
Dena has always paid forwa the kindness to the community that the previous owner showed her.
But it's come at the expense of the diner's bottom line.
For the Thousand Island dressing, we grow our cucumbers, make those into into pickles.
We make our own ketchup.
And we put local honey in thd the mayonnaise I don't even know that I'm worthy to eat this.
They should have a shot of that in the Louvre.
[chuckles] [laughs] ve anything to say. b I don't what's better on all of this.
Now we're gonna hit the Thousand Island.
You know this pig probably.
We found onef t certified organic butchers in Ohio.
Okay, so this is all gonna go in the grinder.
Yes.
Ice water. And the ice water because ?
It binds everything and also helps dissolve the spices.
Groundd ging black pepper, savory, dried thyme, marjoram.
This is fresh sage.
And sage and pork are like Mickey and Mouse.
Yes.
Some kosher salt.
Okay, what do you think of that?
Well, what I want you to do is just run your fingers through my hair.
Okay, vegetable oil, raw pork butt.
So you break this all down I do cook it all the way.
You best be learning how to make some gravy, buddy.
[laughter] 'Cause Daddy's hungry. [laughs] in my kitchen and I kiss the first woman I see. It worked.
Michael, you're here in town.
You have Lolita. Lolita, Lola, and Bar Symon.
So, have you had the biscuits and gravy here before? Oh, yeah.
All right, let me get a rundown here.
So now we're gonna strain the fat.
Right.
But you're gonna use all the fat.
We're gonna use [laughs] Trust me.
Noing goes to waste in this joint.
Okay, so we evaporate a little bit of the moisture out of there, down to almost pure fat.
Yep, and ground nutmeg, cayenne, some fresh sage.
Ok, all-purpose? Flour, heavy cream.
Whoa, whoa. Look at the color of this.
Mm-hmm, grass-fed.
Salt. A little whole milk.
Now we're adding sweated onions. Sweated onions.
Do you want me to whisk while you pour?
Oh, you are dirty.
Wait, wait, wait! I'm the hose of the show!
You can't [laughs] Then the sausage. One of the best gravies in town, you'd say?
Maybe the best gravy in the country.
You are so good.
This is the toasted cheddar biscuit.
Why are there t plates?
Just you ande, Heather?
Put scallions right on top.
Wow!
Oh, this is nuts.
The sage, the meat, the scallion, the cheddar.
I like that there's texture to the biscuit because then it becomes re fortified inside of the gravy, hitting those onions at the last moment.
A little sharp at the end cuts through the richness.
And you could taste the cheddar in the biscuits.
What's that?
What?
Oh, he thinks this is my first rodeo? Oh, no.
House sweet-sausage gravy and biscuits.
Just a big plate of savory goodness.
The cheddar and the scallions make it.
The sausage is very good, too.
Everything on the plate is She's doing it with such passion and such love.
This has been omWhtth tucked away in Lesage, West Virginia
T school buses stacked up next to a shed.
a hillbilly hot-dog hootenanny.
Yee-haw!
I love this!
with ping pong and pie.
This is some of the best pizza I've ever had in my life.
Real dusting. For youreal life So I'm rolling through the state where my father was born, st Virginia.
And this is gonna be greatbecause it might shed some light on where he learned how to cook.
And what better place totartthan this joint Hillbilly Hot Dogs.
Come get it!
We all love it.
I've never seen nothing like this.
Say goodbye. What do you want to eat today?
When Sonny Knight brought his California-born wife, Sharie, home to West Virginia
I'm a Cali girl!
the self-proclaimed hillbilly
Here's your grub.
and his West Coast bride
I brought Beverlyto the hillbillies.
decided to open the ultimate West Virginia hot-dog stand.
Two school buses stacked next to a shed.
Yee-haw!
You have every yard-sale item in the world out there.
It beautiful.
Hillbilly's actually making fun of themselves.
And making some serious dogs, loaded with every combination.
Pizza dogs. The dog.
And at the heart of the menu
There you go! a ground-beef sauce for the dogs.
This is the closest to the sauce that they served us in high school.
It sounds kind of bizarre, but it has a complexity to it.
It started with his mother's recipe.
We're gonna take
the meat. [laughs] Okay. Where did we get lost?
We only got the tub out, and then we got stuck at meat!
So we're gon take the water. We're gonna pour it in here.
Throw in some red pepper, black pepper, salt, onion powder, garlic, chili powder, and tomato paste.
Aa She's all yours.
What about those unconventional tools called spoons?
Oh, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
Why dirty one?
That's more dishes to do at the end of the night.
Why dirty one? [laughs] This is looking wonderful.
It's kind of like meat pudding.
You're doing a great job. Thank you.
[laughs] That looks perfect.
Yee-haw! It's ready to go on the burner!
So we're gonna come over here and grab a weenie.
A couple of jalapeños, nacho cheese.
Barbecue. Barbecue.
Mustard.
Mustard.
Mayonnaise.
Mayonnaise.
Ketchup. Like you're making soup.
Then my sauce.
Onion, coleslaw, a little bit of the relish.
Oh, look at that. Kraut.
Okay, and then kraut Okay!
[laughs] Mm!
I went through the layers.
Oh, that's tasty.
Wow, there's something spicy in there.
Jalapeño. A little jalapeño.
But it's not as hot as this one with two kinds of peppers, invented for one of the regulars.
CongressmaRahall.
The Congressman comes here?
Comes here. Yes he does.
Congressman, how are you? Good, sir. Fine.
How's your dog?
Oh, it's great.
Now, this is named after you.
This is a Rahall red-hot weenie, and it is hot.
It's got hot mustard, sauerkraut, fried onion, green peppers.
And of course, habañeros and jalapeños.
It's breaking a sweat out on me.
Bell dings I got a home wrecker!
A big, good hot dog.
15 inches long. One-pound all-beef weenie.
[laughs] Throw it in the deep fryer You put a little crunch on that.
You start with a couple of jalapeños.
Way to wedge them right down in there and hide them.
So now, we're gonna make the habañero sauce?
SHARIE: Chop, chop, chop, chop.
This is gonna add the extended heat.
'Cause of the 95 jalapeños you put in, those aren't gonna hurt.
Coleslaw that is what cools it down a little bit.
You need your roughage.
Just a garnish.
There it is!
[laughs] Isn't that wonderful?
Yeah!
Oh, my God, that's hot!
It's spicy, but it's good.
You've eaten a home wrecker? Absolutely.
I grabbed one and got this free shirt. Is this your broth? This is my brother.
It is your brother! How did you know?
He's the one that named it. Home wrecker.
They're just absolute characters, and the atmosphere is priceless.
Home wrecker!
[laughs] On Triple D , we've shot at a gas station, a bowling alley.
I mean, we've even shot inof a liquor store.
So just when you might be thinking, Ahh, they're running out of crazy places to shoot , here we are in Northwest Washington, D. C. , to visit a joint that's serving up ping-pong and pizza.
This is Comet Ping Pong.
Do you run into a lot of ping-pong restaurants?
No. This is the first.
Fun atmosphere, great pizza.
Coming up. And it's all cooked up by owner James Alefantis
pies for $25.
who's been in the biz since he was 15.
I grew up, Gourmet type of pizza in a very laid-back type of place.
And they're loading them with everything, from eggs
I like it. To arugula, even clams on their best-selling Yalie.
Why do you call it Yalie?
Part of this restaurant is inspiredby New Haven, Connecticut.
Yale, New Haven.
So we take our little neck clams, a bunch of whole garlic, lemons, and we got fresh thyme.
A bunch of olive oil. And just let them go.
As soon as they start popping open
Give it a stir, pour them out, shuck thhe pizzas.
Right there. One for me.
Oh, those are good.
Here we go. The Yalie Coming up.
Salt. Right on the dough.
A little bit of pepper, so of these slow-cooked onions, garlic oil.
Garlic's been sliced and cooked down very slowly.
Fresh thyme.
And just get the clams and
Shuck them on there. I usually do 10.
It looks good.
That's the way it goes. Yep, stick it on in.
In the way back. Oh, I love this! Hit it.
The average time to cook in that oven? Just about t minutes.
Look how fast it comes up.
Yalie up.
And look at the crust right on the bottom of that thing.
Add a little lemon.
You don't even know. Outstanding.
Everything works.
The dough's on point, the temperature.
You don't even notice there's no cheese UU'cause the caramelized onions are just melting on there.
Mm! Muffled I can't eat this fast enough.
I will fight you for the rest of that.
[laughs] This is is the Yalie.
It's great. The best pizza in D. C.
Your pie is here. It's really fresh, local ingredients.
Spinach. From local farms.
We harvest 4,000 pounds of organic tomatoes every year.
Can them.
And we got a one whole year of sauce.
Great sweetness. It looks good.
We craft everything. Even the ricotta.
All you do is take a gallon of milk, a gallon of buttermilk.
Want me to give you some help with that?
Yeah, that would be good.
I'm gonna chug the buttermilk.
Go! Go! Go!
Whoo-hoo!
And the activation of the buttermilk alone is what takes care of that milk.
You just s it starts to pull away from the whey.
You're separating, yeah, the curd and the whey.
You put this cheese cloth in here.
You take this ricotta.
Let it separate out. Grab this baby out of its water.
Squeeze it enough to tell the water it's supposed to come out.
Let it cool. Just like 15 minutes.
So this pizza's called the Stanley.
The mozzarella, roasted peppers.
This is fennel sausage.
Then we can s how our ricotta turned out.
Nice and creamy and light.
Dynamite. That's it.
Into the oven. This should be good.
600 grees on the deck.
Cook it slowly so it melts out.
That ricotta's nuts, man. Wow!
All right, here we go.
Look at that.
Oh, outstanding. I don't know what to tell you, man.
Roasted peppers, the sausage is great.
This is rock star all the way.
Stanley up!
It's really to die for. It's light. It's fresh.
T pies for $25.
Not your typical cheese and tomato sauce.
This is some of the best pizza I've ever had in my life.
Well, I've had a blast. Thank you.
Thank you. Awesome job.
Coming up
famous hoagies in Hollywood, Florida
That's nuts.
Actually those are meatballs.
where steak is the star of the show.
That should make some folks nervous, I'm telling you.
And in Manchester, New Hampshire
Sweet!
My brothers and sisters of Triple D, do I have a doozy for you.
I'm in Hollywood.
Not California, but Florida, where I am getting readyto enjoy a Philly cheesesteak, and not seafood,at a place called Sonny's that's owned by a named John a building that looks new, but is actually 50 years old.
Oh, I know. This makes complete sense.
We got to check out Sonny's Famous Steak Hoagies.
Steak, onion, and cheese. Thank you.
They do it right. Big, full sandwich.
Onions, sauce, and cheese.
You got to get the whole lean across the table.
We came that the hunch on Triple D. They've been hunching here for half a century.
Can I lp you?
1958 is when my dad opened here.
Dad was Sonny.
Got t meatball hoagies.
Now John's running the show.
It's the best. You inhale the sandwich when you get it.
Excellent. g ouead every day.
Makes the whole sandwich.
Like the one folks have been lining up for since 1958.
Cheesesteak? Cheesesteak.
This is his second one. Doesn't get any better.
And what we have here is boneless rib eye.
Just a little bit frozen.
And you're gonna just pop it in t sleeve.
We're looking for like 1/16 of an inch.
You've got that so thin, there's only one side to it.
[laughs] Goes on the line.
Yellow onions. I'm gonna put a little bit of butter on the side.
Always better with butter. And then cover it.
to get to a point where we can break it up.
Ss Put a little salt on top, a little butter again.
Mix it all together.
And now I'm ready to put my provolone cheese.
And that's all she wrote?
That's all she wrote. Good.
Thank you, thank you.
Little bit of melted cheese, thin slice on that meat, and the onions on a freshly baked roll.
You know what the kicker on that is?
The butter.
The butter is what does that.
That should make some folks nervous in Philly.
This is what I come here for.
This is the best steak sandwich in the whole world.
90s with provolone. If you can figure out how to order one.
This is a 95.
Have t number 50s.
Four kinds of steak hoagies 50, a 95, a 90, and a 9.
5 is like an S for sauce. Zero for onions. The 9, you turn it around, it's a plain.
So you have the 50. The 90.
No sauce? Plain with onions.
A little bit of sauce on there perfect.
The sauce is great.
From an old family recipe loaded with veggies.
Anything you put that sauce on is good.
From the chicken Parm. It's great.
to this fan favorite. Meatball sub.
Give me the rundown. We got four pounds of bread crumbs.
We grind our own bread crumbs from our bread, Pecorino Romano grated cheese.
garlic, fresh parsley.
Red bells? Yep.
I dig it.
Onions, celery. Then we mix it.
Aa Get that all incorporated. Yes.
And then add. Water.
And then we're gonna add our eggs.
Let that mix around, and now we're ready for the meat.
When you put t meat in, you want as little te on it as possible.
Right.
80/20?
This is actually a little bit leaner than the 80/20.
85/15? Yeah.
When it's all mixed to get to little footballs.
So they fit cylinderly cylindrically
So they fit right? They fit right in the roll.
Scooping them out. Set scoop, off the palm of the hand, down.
Like this? Yes.
We're a good team, Johnny.
I'm coming to play at your house more often.
Okay, they go in the oven, 400 degrees.
An hour.
At 400?
Wow. That's a long time.
They come off with a little bit of color on top of it, and it's still very tender.
That's nuts.
Actually, those are meatballs.
Take a roll, take your couple of meatballs.
They're going at angle. Put some sauce on it.
The meatball is tender as you can find.
Look at that. Great tomato sauce.
Nice job. Thank you.
There's no place better. Thanks, buddy.
You got a really nice operation, great people.
here you go, sir, number 9 with cheese.
Fantastic food. S ya, buddy.
Congratulations, man. Thank you, again.
Very nice to meet you.
I'm here in Manchester, New Hampshire.
Peop around these parts know that the Red Arrow is a 24/7 go-to spot for great diner food that's totally worth the wait.
Does everybody just stand in line like this?
They do. Everybody just stands in line on the wall here.
No, come in. I'm in line.
And it's been that way since 1922 at this New Hampshire legend, where they brag they're only closed 16 hours a year.
We close Christmas Eveat 2:00 p.m.
and we re-open Christmas Day at 6:00 a.m.
Busiest day of the year.
Carol Sheehan grew up in the restaurant biz, anfor the last 20 years, she's been keeping this place a classic.
I've always liked this place because of the atmosphere.
It's like being home.
With real home cooking heavy on the New England traditions, like corned beef and cabbage. Best in town.
even their own version of a British shepherd's pie.
And each day of the week, there's a different blue plate special.
I think we're pretty unique because we do actually serve it on a blue plate.
Sweet! And for the past five years, the behind the blue plate has been Roy Donohue.
What is Roy's hands-down specialty?
Every single homemade foodthere is in America, I love to make.
You love to make? I love to make.
Every Wednesday, the blue plate special is American chop suey.
What, what, what?
You never heard of American chop suey?
[laughing] No. Really?
You don't know about American chop suey?
Bro, I don't think anybody else does.
You all know what that is?
Right? You guys all know what that is.
You know what American chop suey is?
Of course I do.
Of course I do. It's just an all-American hamburger and macaroni and some American I just want to know where chop suey came from!
Well, I don't know, but it's years and years and years I've heard of chop suey up here in New England.
It's got to be a thing in New England.
Okay, give it to me. How do we make it?
Okay, what we do is we take a heated pan here.
We'll add a little bit of butter in that butter.
Butter? Butter.
Not oil? Not oil, butter.
Drop that baby right in there.
Wow.
Squeeze that five-pounder right in there.
[laughs] Welcome to Roy's Cooking Show. Roy's Cooking Show. We throw in a couple of onions here.
Okay, so a couple cups of green It has to green bell pepper?
Green bell pepper, It has to be green bell pepper.
We're gonna want some black pepper in there.
Garlic, oregano, basil?
Garlic, oregano, basil.
So stir that in. And another can of tomato sauce?
No, this is tomato strips.
Tomato strips?
These are 80-40 tomato strips.
They are
[chuckles] Geez, Roy!
I guess that's why you should wear an apron.
Oh, is that the most beautiful meal?
Sweet!
[laughs] Mix it up? mix it up.
In the world of New England and chop suey does this rate up there pretty high?
This is one hearty meal.
Make sure you get them tomato sips in there.
Get them strips.
Now, you throw a little Parmesan on there.
I should put about 7,000 or 1000 pounds down on this.
Absolutely.
[laughing] Wow.
You never tried the chop suey?
I'd try that.
You think so?
I' tried the chop suey.
Oh, you have? I made it.
Oh, you made [laughter] That's why I'm really over here, because I'm working my angle for a little, Oh, it's the best chop suey I ever had. Thank you.
And then, there's something called a pork pie.
That's another blue plate special pork pie.
It's my grandmother's recipe.
Done Roy style, with ground pork, spices, and a kind of a poultry seasoning.
This is what makes our pork pie our pork pie.
This is the key?
The Red Arrow pork pie.
This is it? This is it.
And it's all whipped up with some homemade mashed potatoes.
Now, we cover it.
[whistles] Beautiful. I like it.
That's comfort food right there, man.
It's moist, it's flavorful.
You get the pork, you get the mashed potatoes.
It's huge, it's filling.
Good stuff, brother. I'm impressed.
Coming up, in Kaneohe, Hawaii
I wonder who it is, honey.
a crazy dude going the extra mile
You catch your own octopus? for a real-deal taste of the islands.
In Hawaii, this is how we do it. This is old-school style.
I'd like to see more of the old Lady.
I'd like to see her go back to her more you know social side.
Maybe s if it's something that has an affect on her social side.
She literally started changing.
It was shocking. [laughs] The difference has been incredible. She's much more aware.
A brighter look to her eyes.
She loves the food.
She wants to learn things.
I went in as not a believer, but I am now.
I don't know. She's a good dog.
You're getting a bit emotional there?
me, I want more yes, more please, I want more fun, more style, I want more love, more smiles, I want more. J-e-l-l-o You know in the movie Forrest Gump when Bubba talks about shrimp and all the waysyou can have it?
That's kind of how I feelabout poke.
I mean, you know,you're talking about the cut-up fish that's seasonedso many different ways.
I mean, you can have tako poke that's octopus ahi poke, shrimp poke.
That's why I'm here at Kaneohe.
About 11 miles from Honolulu, this is Fresh Catch.
Fire bowl ahi.
Spicy salmon.
I drive all the way from the other side of the island just to come here.
He eats here about seven days a week.
He got a ahi katsu.
It's purely Hawaiian. As hawaiian as Reno Henriques
One smoking Hawaiian plate.
an East Side native whose love for the poke trumped the mily business.
They're probably the biggest rubbish company in Hawaii.
Rubbish? Pick up rubbish.
Trash? Yeah, trashmen.
Trading rubbish for fresh fish? Not a bad deal.
I love to make people happy and watch the smile on everybody's faces while they eat my food.
There's smiles all around, for the 30 different pokes coming out of the kitchen.
This is Dom Raiola. He plays for the Detroit Lions.
Over premium steakhouses across the country, this is your go-to. This is what I was raised on.
The regular smoked tako.
What makes great Hawaiian food?
I think the freshness.
And if you want it really and I mean really fresh, sometimes you got to do the job yourself.
We go diving, catch our own octopus.
You catch your own octopus?
Yeah, we catch our own octopus.
The squid will kind of be in the hole, hiding with his little hand over there. How is that?
You got to get one of these, like one
Hh Like a
Straight from the ocean and into the kitchen for this island favorite.
Spicy tako, it's a smoked octopus.
Okay, poke.
One of our most popular pokes is a spicy smoked tako.
Tako T-A-K-O. T-A-K-O is takos.
Octopus, in Hawaii we call it he'e. I'm gonna hit you in the he'e. head Yeah, there you go.
So that's probably about a four- to five-pounder right there.
It's that new hairdo I was looking for.
 Squidlocks.
So what do you have to clean on it?
First of all, we're just gonna cut the head.
So we got the beak right there, so we're gonna cut his beak.
So the next thing we're gonna do is we need to put the octopus in the bowl, and we need to put the Hawaiian salt on top.
And then again, we're gonna use the salt to tenderize the squid and take off the slime.
Dude, you're really working this thing out.
So now we'll just put it in this bowl.
I've cooked a lot of squid, and I've seen a lot of squid cooked.
I've never seen this process.
This is the best way 'cause he'll become the most tender.
Okay.
Okay, my man. So now we're just gonna cut it up.
Look at that. So now we're just gonna string one right through.
Just gonna hang him like that, really? Yeah, just like this.
Where are we going with this rod of fun?
Right into my smoker.
Look, someone's pullinccup. I wonder who it is, honey.
All right, so we're gonna go to the smoker.
Yeah, take a walk over to the smoker.
We're walking our octopus.
This is the Diablo 5,000.
Come here.
We have got some aluminum siding.
I think he cut the hole in here with a hatchet.
What was this?
This was actually a cabinet.
It was a cabinet, wasn't it? Yeah, it was a cabinet.
In Hawaii, this is how we do it. This is old-school style.
As he explains it to me, he walks around with the octopus and keeps smacking me in the legs with it.
Yeah, like that.
Let's smoke some octopus.
What kind of wood?
Kiawe wood. Kiawe wood?
It's a hardwood,so easy to use.
We only got kiaweor guava wood in Hawaii.
How long are we gonna smoke this?
Four hours.
Four hours? Don't ask me what temperature it is.
When the pnt starts to peel off of a little bit, it's just about ready.
All right.
Smoked octopus.
It's octopus jerky.
Tasty.
Let's go. All right.
Now what are we gonna do?
Take our squid off. Okay.
Cut it up thin.
[chuckles] Nice and tender, almost buttery.
Okay, so now we're gonna make our sauce for our smoked tako.
In Hawaii, we use a lot of mayonnaise on it.
No!
That's like a hot tub of mayonnaise.
Wasabi.
And then we have our kimchi base.
Mm-hmm-hmm!
These are my homegrown chili peppers fromt my house.
Are they hot? They're hot, man.
Whisk them up.
All right, bro, give it a taste.
Rock star. All right, so we got our cut octopus.
Dump it in a bowl.
We got our spicy sauce right here.
Give it a couple good mixes.
Now, do people come in and buy this to go, eat it here?
Well, we make poke bowls t scoops of rice in, like, a hoagie tray.
Hoagie tray, so this is, like, hoagie poke?
hokey-pokey Yeah, hoagie poke.
You do a little hokey to the right, a little hokey to the left.
A little hoagie poke.
So we got our smoked tako in here.
Garnish it with a little bit of green onions.
And then tobiko fish and There you go, my man. Good to go.
Yeah, there you go.
You got great texture.
The octopus is tender, a little bit of smoke.
Good heat in the mayonnaise.
The tobiko on there is nice, the fresh green onion.
It's outstanding.
Tako poke.
This is just delicious.
You can taste the mesquite, or the kiawe wood, as we call it out here.
It has a nice little flavor to it that makes it stand out.
I don't know what exactly what Reno does, but it's good stuff.
It's perfect.
Dude, I'm telling you, this is, like, poke paradise.
Thank you very much, my man.
[laughs] This guy's the bomb.
Up next
an old-school diner car in Gardiner, Maine
Tile original. The counter original.
taking an unexpected turn with the menu.
That's duck-licious.
Then, chef-made sandwiches in Fairhope, Alabama
Hold me put out by the prince of panini.
That's slamma jammain Alabama.
readyfor suspense.
Unbrled jealousy.
She's still there.
New beginnings.
Now, under its fourth owner, this local legend is serving up way morethan traditional diner fare.
Mm That's what we're looking for.
I travel around with this spoon.
Aw, man, this is great.
They got all of the old favorites
Meatloaf.
Evidently, you didn't like it because you cleaned the whole thg.
and some with a twist.
Banana walnut pancakes? Banana walnut pancakes.
Whose recipe is this? Our recipe that we've had for years.
Let's talk about this. This, I get a kick out of.
Here you are at the diner.
Chili dog, mac and cheese. HH Let me have the double cheeseburger.
I'll have some fries. But then let's step right in and get some Szechuan beef sauté.
You can blame that on Kenneth. Kenny. Oh, geez.
Kenneth's a Seattle transplant who drops specials like spicy Asian noodles with shrimp, lamb tagine with couscous, and chicken marbella with prunes, green Olives, and garlic.
There are so many interesting things.
Now, is this your recipe?
This is my concoction, yes.
Your concoction?
It's a Greek stuffed flank steak roulade.
Aa You start with a little salt and pepper.
It looks like you have fresh ground this pepper yourself.
Absolutely.
A little garlic, spinach, and a little red pepper.
Roasted red bells.
We got some artichoke hearts here.
And then some feta.
Look at that.
Give it a little tuck. This will go on the menu.
Now, how long has your special been running?
I run it until it runs out, and then I'll take a break for a couple of weeks.
Or I'll stuff it with something else, just change it up.
Never keep the same one constantly.
Check that out.
Looking good. Feta's nice.
I'm totally down with that. That's gonna be a hit.
Nice balance. Cooked perfectly.
That's bananas. !
Bananas is good.
[laughs] The roulade and all the wild new dishes have been a big hit with the locals who have been coming to the A1 for 60 years.
Hi, how are you? How are you doing?
Mike Giberson's the fourth owner.
His dad was number 3.
And the place itself, known as Heald's Diner when it was first opened back in '46, really is a local legend, set up on 30-foot stilts next to the bridge over the Cobbosseecont Stream right in the middle of town.
The tile original.
Yes, Yep.
The counter original.
The counter original. The booths original.
ah, the booths original. All mahogany.
Where do you find the little letters?
We can still buythoowhite letters, but I can no longer buy the red letters.
Those red letters are precious to me.
And so is Mike's goal of keeping the customers happy.
Oh, wow.
It's really good food, and you get to try different things.
When you sit down and have some
Leek strudel. leek strudel, which you don't find every menu, in case you didn't know.
Or maybe some duck, topped with Kenneth's mojito glaze.
Rum. harrison: rum.
Brown sugar.
Brown sugar.
When those cook down a little bit, you go ahead and add in the mint.
I actually keep sugar on the side with mint in it specifically for this purpose.
The oils are excted into the sugar.
Now, how long did you let that mint and that sugar hang out.
I let it sit around for about two weeks, three weeks.
Really? Yep.
You're putting it on! I try and do something nice.
Oh, it's more than nice.
That's duck-licious.
Nice job, brother.
But don't think this classic diner's ignoring the diner classics.
Root beer and duck, you can only do that at the diner.
We've met tons of people and made great friends, and it's our life, so why not make it fun?
When you think fast food, you think American, right?
You know, burgers, fries, the speaker box, the whole giddy up, but really, there's fast foo all over the world.
And here in Fairhope, Alabama, there's a that's decided to his his fast food with a European spin.
You got to meet Panini Pete.
Turkey, tuna, t more rosemarys.
A classically trained chef. Here we go.
cranking out those presse Italian-style sandwiches called panini.
We're gonna paninan-ize this.
It's really good.
And fast enough r the tightest lunches.
You can get lunch and eat it and be back at work.
Order up! It's fast and yet
It's not fast food.
Our dresngs are made from scratch, the aioli
You're making your own?
Right. Wow.
Pete's a first-class chef.
This is the raw curd? Correct.
He's even doing his own mozzarella with fresh curd brought in from Wisconsin.
You're coddling it gently.
The less milk and cream you squeeze out of there, the creamier the final product's going to be.
Do it! Do it!
Yeah!
Yes!
We could play this game all day!
Now we're gonna dothe portion basket.
Oh, my God!
This that good or what? Hold me.
Stack it with basil, fresh tomato, and a homemade balsamic vinaigrette, and you've got Italian caprese panini
A mozzarella tomato.
And get his one with mozz, red pepper, and turkey.
I go with the turkey every time.
You know the mozz is fresh, the peppers are fresh-roasted, and so is the turkey, starting with Pete's special herb rub.
A little bit of rosemary, sage, salt, pepper, garlic.
Now we got to do the mons here.
I think we're good.
Wow, that's nice. Whoo!
A chef like you, I would be thinking bone-in for sure.
When you get to the method, you'll understand the cooking method. You know what?
I didn't even know why I opened up my mouth.
My brother-in-law taught me this one.
Triple wrap. Called an almost-fried turkey.
That's how we roll. That's my line.
Now why fry it, versus bake it?
The same temperature 375 in the end.
Well, it's shorter cook time, it's really convenient, and really creates a good product.
You'll see.
You want to slice some of this up, take it for a ride?
Look at that.
What a great blend of those sces.
That might be the most tender, moist turkey I have ever tried.
All right, let's make a sandwich.
We start off with a little focaccia. So it comes in, raw dough.
Yes, sir. Dijon.
Some of our homemade aioli on top.
Most people would just fancy up a litt mayonnaise.
No, sir. Not here.
Some of our turkey.
A healthy portion.
Some roasted peppers.
A little pepper, fresh-cracked pepper, kosher salt.
Hit it with some baby greens.
Homemade balsamic vinaigrette.
Mozzarella. Remember your best buddy?
Ah, I should try that before you put it on there.
Yeah, you better test that.
A little butter and olive oil just to help keep it from sticking and give it a nice color.
Right in the basket. You better hold one for me.
Mm.
I got to tell you, you start with the bread nice, light, good crunch.
Move right into that mozzarella.
The greens, the balsamic pops.
Everything worked together, but nothing overpowers another.
That's slamma jamma in Alabama.
Dude!
Food is really fresh. The people are really nice.
All right, y'all enjoy everything.
It feels like it's really been tenderly cared for specifically for you.
Well, you know he is the prince of panini.
Woman [laughs] Obviously, yes. He is very good at what he does.
Isn't that right, Pete?
I am the prince of panini
says you.
Says me.
Up next
a Chinese-Mexican mash-up in Phoenix
The unity, the bonding!
cruising for the ultimate combo.
I am just in awe.
Then, a taste of Haiti in Miami Beach
Ah, man. Wow!
that's making a heck of an impression.
You have got to come try this fish.
flavors, colors, sweeteners, presvatives, and no artificial smiles.
When I opened Tex Wasabi's Southern-style Barbecueand Sushi Restaurant, people thought I was crazy.
Well, it's nice to comedown to Phoenix, Arizona, and find outthat there's another group that's off the hookand out of bounds serving Chinese and Mexican.
Welcome to Chino Bandido.
It's bizarre, but it's good. Order up! Egg foo young!
ERI: You should call this egg foo fun. It is very unusual, but that's why we like it.
Chinese food in a quesadilla.
That's awesome. The unity, the bonding!
Love it.
You won't find another place like it.
It comes from the culture of the family that owns it.
One of each? That'd be arizona natives Eve and Frank Collins
Hi, sir. How are you doing?
who opened this place 17 years ago.
FRANK: Before we opened it, we sat up in bad, and she said, What are we gonna serve? And I said, Well, we'll serve what we eat at home. That meant the Mexican food that's so big in Arizona
Honey, quesadilla. Okay, thank you.
the Chinese food Eve grew up with.
EVE: The Chinese barbecue comes from my mom and dad.
and the Caribbean foods some friends turned them on to.
It's jerk chicken, named after a yet-unknown customer.
It's delicious. It's amazing.
And then they put it all together.
The combation is rice and beans and any t of these numbers.
Put just the number, it's a pile on a plate.
B is burrito, Q is quesadilla.
Mark your bean black or refried.
Mark your rice.
They're white, jerk-fried, pork-fried, plain-fried, and chicken-fried.
Let's say you like number 1 and you like number 7.
Anybody doesn't understand?
Double jerked-chicken combo, one in a quesadilla with black beans and jerk-fried rice.
There wasn't even a hesitation. And there's something for everybody.
I'm having J-bread chicken with rice. A J-bread quesilla.
It's a little sweet, and it's got a nice spicy kick to it.
What are we making?
Red sauce for J-Bread chicken.
I get sesame oil, some red chili oil because of the color.
What else is there? There's a secret oil.
You gonna tell me? No.
Tomato sauce.
Right into the oil.
Are you serious?
We fry it.
Do you s this?
Then we put the garlic in.
The oil into
Why?
It forms a glaze.
It looks like a ketchup hot tub in Flavortown.
It is.
This is sugar.
Powdered sugar? Powdered sugar.
You let that boil, pop the green onions in.
I am just in awe.
And that'll boil down.
[whistles] So we have thigh meat, egg whites, corn starch.
Does this help keep the corn starch off the so it doesn't get so dense? Yep.
Ah! I'm excited.
A little garlic salt.
And you put it in there, versus in the corn starch?
Yes, so it will be nice and white.
You will s this on Guy's Big Bite. It has to be pure corn starch.
Pure? No flour? Not a derivative.
Shake it up. Ooh!
Hop it over here and drop it in.
It's the volumizing of the egg whites. Yes.
Isn't that pretty?
Okay, so now we get the sauce remade.
When it's boing hot, we're gonna take this chicken.
I'm gonna wear, like, a jumpsuit next time.
Yeah.
You only look like you've done that 900,000 times.
That's your red chicken.
Oh! That's gonna be hot.
It's very hot.
Or like Ryder would say, Num, num, num. It's glazed. It's hot.
Oh! That's awesome!
However you get it with rice, in a burrito, or a quesadilla.
It's so good, with all the cheese.
Were you always in the restaurant business?
No. [laughs] I burned rice until I was 20.
But nothing's burning now.
ese quesadillas are to die for.
The fusion of the Mexican, Chinese food works well together.
I have a little machaca here. It's delicately spiced.
It's Mexican shredded beef, but look how they're doing it.
This is where the Chinese style comes in.
Look at that. It cooks over high heat.
Right.
And then you're doing it quickly.
It gets served in quesillas, in burritos, and with Chinese fried rice.
Look what I happen to have, a random fork.
Getting a little bit of everybody in there.
! Great texture of the meat, big garlic, namite.
Now you know why I come here every time we're in town.
We're hooked on the food. All you got to do is try the food one time, and that'll sell you.
Does it say body by chinos ? It does.
I made it.
Loyal. Very loyal.
This is just hands-down I have been looking so forward CCto coming here.
It's remarkable.
It's probably one of the neatest places that we've shot on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. Ah, thank you.
Every year, BBI come down to Miami for the South Beach Food and Wine Fest, I've cruised by this joint right here.
It's called Tap Tap.
And I'd say, Tap Tap? What is it? Maybe a tapas restaurant?
Tap Tap No, a dinner/dance joint.
Tap Tap maybe it's beers from around the world. But then I hear that it's t rockin' Haitian food, so you know I just got to stop and check it out.
Hello, hello. Grilled conch.
When I have it here, it always reminds me of Hai.
I have never had Haitian food.
You don't have to travel to Haiti to get it. Come to Tap Tap.
The art and the food, it is just like home.
Okay. Fish and shrimp and oxtail.
Grilled goat. It's really wonderful.
What inspired you to open Tap Tap?
The Haitian people and the great food That owner Katherine Kean
All right, guys.
fell in love with when she lived there as a filmmaker.
So, 15 years ago, she opened this joint
Pickup!
and hired haitian-raised Gary Sanon-Jules.
He used to work as a bus boy. We're doing all right?
Now he's running the place and serving up Haitian classics.
You guyseep enjoying the meal All of the recipes from the different parts of the country are reflected here.
Like this one. Poisson gros sel.
a Central Haitian fish classic served poached, grilled, or fried.
The yellowtail, the way that they prepared it, so flavorful.
So we have a base marinade olive oil, vinegar, bouillabaisse, mustard, shallotsgarlic, onions.
Start adding in the red pepper, Scotch bonnet peppers, scallions, parsley, fresh pepper.
Thyme, lime juice, and salt.
Our snapper has been cleaned and marinated.
Now we're gonna make the broth that we're cooking today. That's correct.
So we start with the celery.
Red pepper in there.
Some scallions, some onion Onion!
Scotch bonnet pepper.
We'll throw a block of butter in there.
A block? A block, baby.
Fresh-squeezed lime juice.
A little olive oil. Put a little salt in there.
It's gonna come to a boil.
We have our yellowtail snapper here. Boil/poach.
So that's got to be in there for 8 to 10 minutes.
Now we're gonna makethe Scch bonnet lime sauce.
Okay, that doesn't scare me.
No, don't worry. Scotch bonnet.
Some oil, garlic, some onions.
Okay. Red bell peppers.
Squeeze some lime in there, some butter.
Now we'll take some water from the sck.
Oh, you are grabbing a Scotch bonnet.
I'm getting nervous. You're not gonna get heat from it because we didn't puncture the Scotch bonnet pepper.
You do get a little bit of the flavor, but none of the heat until you open that up, if that's what you want, but we leave that up to the customer. A little bit of salt.
Fish is done tub in the hot tub, sauna.
And now we're gonna take our Scotch bonnet lime sauce, and en we'll just top the fish with it.
Looks beautiful. Really, it got a lot of colors to it.
A little lime. Just go ahead and squeeze it right on.
Where do you like to start eating at?
I like the knee. I like the elbow.
Submerge it in a little sauc !
Ah, man. Wow!
I credit you for it having massive flavor.
The fish is unbelievably tender.
The sauce that goes along with it It almost has a French influence to it.
Oh, absolutely!
I want to eat it all!
Listen to me right now.
You have got to come try this fish, even if you don't like fish.
It is so legit.
It's to legit to fish.
[laughs] To die for.
This is really, really good. Enjoy it?
Tap Tap is an icon.
Grilled goat. It's fantastic.
Original. It's beautiful. I'm moving in.
Earlier, I was just gonna come and stay for a while.
Now I'm moving in. Oh, beautiful. Well, welcome.
Can I put my stuff up there?
So that's it for this road trip.
But don't worry.
We got plenty more joints to find all over this country.
I'll be looking for you next time on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. High-pitched voice That all right here, right now on Diners, Drive-ins,and Dives the Poke Palace.
[laughter] Hey, there.
I'm Fieri, and we're rolling out looking for America's greatest diners, drive-ins, and dives.
This trip
Is the anticipation killing you, or what?
whether on a plate or a bowl
Cut.
[slurps] Cajun or soul
we got a full hour of good old-fashioned Southern cookin'.
Aa That was unbelievable.
We're talkin' North Carolina dumplings
Theye ready go. Go time.
South Carolina collards
And these right here are some money greens.
a killer Kentucky fried po' boy
I'd eat that every day.
And some St. Louis Southern comfort.
Just like mom couldn't make.
Just like mama couldn't make!
Then we're headin' north
It's cold out here.
for biscuits and gravy in Oregon
I could be eatin' a paper towel with that gravy on it. Wow.
N'awlins in Indiana
Once you cross over the threshold here, you're in Louisiana.
and good old gizzards  yeah, gizzards in Michigan.
This place is a trip.
So, get ready for a down-home, down-South food-coma kind of show.
This is amazing.
That's all right here, right now, on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. Captions by VITAC Closed Captions provided byScripps Networks, Llc.
u know, on Triple D, we've hit joints that are all about pizza, all about burgers.
We've even hit a joint that's all about fried carp.
And today, ladies and gentlemen, we take another culinary leap to visit a joint that's all about the tender, flaky Is the anticipation killing you, or what?
The tender, flaky, gravy-topped Southern delicacy known as biscuits.
Welcome to Portland's Pine State Biscuits
Full tray comin' up.
The best biscuit ever.
About three minutes on biscuits.
This is the perfect bite.
Biscuit and huckleberry jam.
And a biscuit with sausage gravy.
Do you run here?
Some good home-cooke comfort food.
I got some gravy comin'.
all served up by college buddies Brian Snyder, Walt Alexander, and Kevin Atchley
Hot tray. We're all from North Carolina.
All of you? Yep. How y'all doin'?
who ended up in Portland, reconnected, and opened this place.
Why biscuits? 'Cause we missed 'em.
People need a place they could stop by and get a good, hearty breakfast.
Like this North Carolina classic.
The best biscuits and gravy.
So get me started.
Flour. All-purpose?
Unddeached. Baking powder. Baking soda.
Why the two? That's what gives us the best rise, flakiness.
Little bit of salt. And we whisk this together.
Put the dry ingredients together first.
Then we got the wet mix. Buttermilk.
Is that buttermilk light?
Reduced fat.
We got some full-fat yogurt. Some eggs.
We'll whisk all this together, and then we shred the butter.
Whoa. We're gonna what? Oh, this is awesome.
Dude, I have seen biscuits all over the world, and I have never seen butter shredding.
It's rock-hard frozen. Exactly.
It's gonna create flaked deliciousness.
You t it.
Check that out. That's nuts. Yeah.
Actually, it's butter.
We're gonna do our vaca frita for our Chimi.
Vaca frita! Vaca frita.
We're gonna start off with our chopped onions.
So, we got the green peppers, whole garlics, and th our bay leaf.
This is USDA choice flank steak.
Just gonna cook it down.
While that's working, we're gonna make the mojo?
Correct. Classic mojo marinade.
Sliced onions. Naranja ria.
Come on. Sour orange, baby. Sour orange.
Chopped garlic.
 A little bit of salt.
We're just gonna let this kind of marry together.
So, this is the vaca frita.
This is the flank steak that's cooked down.
I should probably just try this for, like Yeah, just a test? Oh!
So, what we do is shred it by hand.
In the ropa vieja style.
Exactly, and removing all the little connective tissue that you have.
Whatever you say. [chuckles] Once it's all shredded, we'll go ahead and take our mojo, pour it over the top.
All right, let's do this.
[sizzling] Exact translation of vaca frita fried cow so you got to get it nice and crispy.
While that's going, we'll take the tortilla, throw it on the flattop, give it a nice littl warm-up.
That's it? Voilàà.
All right, so we got our three-cheese blend.
You want to start on the bas Chuchi rice.
Isn't that your mom's name?
That's my mom's nickname, is Chuchi. Put the sweet plantains directly inside the burrito.
Then we take the vaca
and we roll, squeeze the ends, fold again, push in.
Always make sure you push it in, 'cause it ll blow up on you when it goes and gets dropped for the flash fry.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You're gonna fry it?
I'm gonna drop it. Cool.
Oh, a Chimi football. There you go.
I'm gonna slice it open.
You got all that goodness inside.
Look at that.
The avocado lime.
The Crema Mexicana.
Sour cream.
We use these as our fries. We call it our tangled love.
Our fresh pico de gallo.
The Chimi burrito.
Don't do the fork-and-knife thing.
Do it the right way.
Like that.
[laughs] You get the salty meat and this deep, rich beef flavor, and then you get that super-seasoned rice, and, all of a sudden, that fried sweet plantain comes in.
I mean, wow.
That is a Thanksgiving in a burrito
just Cuban style
with Mexican influence
[chuckles] with French fries on top.
[laughs] Chimi burrito.
The meat is so tender and so full of flavor.
The kicker the maduros.
The plantains, when you take a bite of that, it's like it explodes in your mouth.
I want to introduce you to a neighbor of yours 200 yards away over at Scully's.
This is a Triple D legend, man.
So, I thought I would bring him over here to gi you a little insight of what happens when you get in the Triple D world.
Just get prepared for it and just get your stamina going, 'cause it's gonna be wall-to-wall.
You got anything else for me in the kitchen?
Yeah, we're gonna go do some lobster right now.
The lobster lollipops are delicious.
The presentation is amazing.
Your lobster lollipops.
So, this is a spiny lobster.
This is the way we kind of take apart theobster.
Go.
You have all this beautiful meat inside.
Nice sharp blade.
You can kind of just slice through.
Then put your weight down on it.
Take your finger, kind of fix it right in there between the meat and the shell.
You want to get nice big chunks.
So, then we take our chunks, put them in our seasoned flour.
We take off the excess flour, and we drop it into our tempura and into the oil.
And we go ahead and take the tails, fry them, and plate them on the presentation and deep-fry the head, also.
Gives it a nice, big, bright-red color.
All right, so this is our lobster lollipops.
It's four sticks, t pieces per sck. Dig it.
We'll go ahead and put the tail on the bottom of the plate.
Our beautiful head. Three sauces.
Mango habanero, the aioli, and the garlic cilantro.
Very, very hot and sweet, so I don't know if you want to start with that one and work your way up.
Yeah, that's gonna hurt.
It's like a good burn. Wow!
Yeah.
Hello, governor!
Cool.
You get a little sweet kiss on the tongue.
Refreshing. And then it just aah!
Just burns out the rest of your mouth.
And then. Our roasted tomato and garlic.
You really get a different profile in each one.
They're great.
And it's super, super fresh. Chef, you rocked the house, man.
Thank you, man. Thank you so much.
The lobster pops are delicious.
You dip it in the signature sauces, it's incredible.
This is Dr. Mori, a buddy of mine.
Lives down here in Miami.
Tell me what you think of Latin House.
Great stuff. Fantastic.
It's a hidden gem that everybody should experience.
Big thank you to you.
I'm glad to s th you guys get to meet each other.
It's nice to be back on Sunset.
Anybody moves in that I need to come check out, you let me know.
Right on.
Coming up. All right, let's hit it.
we're headed west to Salt Lake City
Come on down for the Lumberjack Special.
for a meatball-makin' smackdown.
You know what? I'll be here all week.
So, I'm here in Salt Lake City, Utah, right on Main Street, about fourlocks from the state capitol, to check out a joint where an east-coast transplant/ snowboarder/bartender has opened up a joint where he's serving his grandma's recipes.
This is Maxwell's East Coast Eatery.
Four-cheese ravioli in the window.
Donnie Brasco with meatballs.
Scale of 1 to 10, I would rate this place an 11.
Caprese Salad.
It's got that home-style cooking to it.
Flavors Jery-born Steven Maxwell started serving when he opened in 2008.
How'd you get here?
I went to Park City and planned on bartending for a winter, and I just never left.
That was it? That was it.
How good is this Italian?
I don't know what's going on here, but it's an infusion of good stuff that I love, and I just want to get more of it.
Philly cheesesteak. Lasagna.
Yo, chicken parm in the window.
Love the chicken parm.
Big, thick pieces of white chicken.
There's nothing like it in the state of Utah.
at's because the sauce that kicks it off is no Utah native.
What are we making?
Today we're making mom mom's gravy. Who?
Mom mom's my grandmother.
don't s it everywhere else, but w Jersey, see, people call tomato sauce on Sunday is called gravy.
All right, let's hit it.
We're gonna sauté a little olive oil with fresh oon, roasted garlic. Okay.
We're just gonna add our San Marzano tomatoes.
Are you gonna marry these back and forth to rinse them out?
I'll do the real deal.
There we go. It's like the bucket brigade.
[chuckles] All the cans are [whistles] washed out.
Some paste. Now?
Now we're gonna add our dry ingredients.
Sugar, salt, pepper. Dry parsley?
Dry parsley. And a mother lode of basil.
Fresh basil. How long we gonna let this cook?
Six to eight hours. And when this reducedown, we're gonna hit it with an immersion blender?
Exactly.
So, tell me what makes great chicken parmesan.
We use panko breadcrumbs instead of just regular
Italian breadcrumbs. Okay.
It's a little bit lighter, gonna keep the chicken a little bit crispier.
So, this is a milanaise breast, so you cut the breast down.
Are you poundinghese first? We are gonna pound them
Awesome. lightly.
Max, you know the old concept wet hand, dry hand?
Yes.
Avoid Frankenstein fingers.
Is that right? Where did you get that?
That's what we call them in my family.
Oh, really? Yeah.
[groans] [laughs] What we'll do is we'll brown it off both sides, we'll put it onto a tin, and we'll cover it with a mozzarella/provolone mixture, and then we'll bake it off in the oven, melt it up.
Put a little bit of mom mom's gravy in a pan.
Take our homemade fettuccini down into the water, give it a little stir so it doesn't stick.
Okay. Sauce is hot.
Drain our pasta.
Whoa.
Chicken parm's out. Then we'll plate it up.
And next time in Salt Lake City, come on down for the Lumberjack Special.
Dude. You top with some cheese.
Finish with a little parsley. There you go.
Let me put on my muumuu. [chuckles] And this is how your grandma would make it when you wera kid?
This is how she'd make it.
The slow-cooked gravy, homemade pasta, the chicken parm, thick breading, melted cheese, but that's about as real deal as you're gonna get it, ma Nicely done. Nicely done. Right on.
Chicken parmesan.
It's great food, hearty.
All the recipes basically come from your childhood.
Yes. Back to my grandmother's house.
So, you're back to your grandma's house.
Her restaurant was open in the '30s and the '40s, but it was the front of their house, like a lot of immigrants.
All of us, all the kids learned how to roll pasta, make raviolis, gnocchi.
And grandma's recipe for a man-sized meatball.
Spaghetti, 10-ounce meatball.
I'm a little bit intimidated by that meatball.
It's really big. [chuckles] I don't know if I'm gonna be able to eat all that.
Making a 10-ounce meatball. A what?
10-ounce meatball. Starts at 12, cooks down to 10.
That's how your grandmother used to make it?
No, she made me make the little tiny ones, but I'd always want to make a bigne.
All right, let's get into this. All right.
Pepper, parsley, crushed red, kosher salt, oregano, basil.
Finish it off with parmesan cheese.
All the dry comes together. Right on.
Sitting over here, we have 80/20 ground and Italian sausage.
Right. Okay.
Start by adding our eggs.
Drop our dries.
Worcestershire.
Little water for moisture. Okay.
Fresh breadcrumbs.
And we're mixing this all up like a gigantic tartar salad.
[chuckles] Okay, now how good are you at grabbing the 12 ounceof meat?
Takes years of practice. I bet it does.
Hang on.
How close do you think you are?
I'm pretty close. Going for 12 ounces.
Where are we at? 10?
That's not 10. You're looking down at it.
That's 12. [laughs] That's how Look over there! Pretty bird!
I got to go after that 12.
Could be a bit heavy, but we'll see.
Camera shows it at 12. You know what?
I'll be here all week.
Okay, so the meatballs cook off in the oven then get dropped in mom mom's sauce.
We're gonna serve them today with spaghetti.
Parmesan. Finish with a little parsley.
New Jersey accent Yeah, come on down to Maxwell's.
We got meatballs the size of you're head.
It's got great flavor, it's very rich.
Love the Italian sausage It's everything u want in an old-school Italian meatball.
Max, excellent job, bro.
I always leave satisfied and prably with a to-go box, too.
you really have brought all the pieces and all the components together, and you're delivering these folks here in Salt Lake City a real experience.
Nicely done.
Up next, 're headed up the road to Sandy, Utah
There's nothing about this I don't love.
for killer bites. Give me the croquettes.
and pizza with personality.
That's a meal of a pizza.
So, I'm here on 7th East, and I'm about 20 miles from downtown Salt Lake City, Utah.
Now, I'm at the base of the Wasatch Mountains, and that's where you'll find Alta and Snowbird, you know, those great ski resorts.
Now, there's a lot of reasons to come to this ar, but I hear after you eat at this joint, it'll be one of them.
This is Tin Roof Grill.
White-bean steak pizza. It's delicious.
Garlic cheddar burger.
Everything they have here is fantastic.
Sizzle shrimp.
And the food's legit?
Food's money. Beyond legit.
Something chef and owner Mike Seader banked on when he left his job as a corporate food and bevera director in 2012.
Took a 75% cut in pay, spent my life's savings, and bought this restaurant.
Wow. You made it sound so attractive.
[laughs] And the investment's paying off thanks to Mike's old-school approach to cooking.
Pretty much they make everything here from scratch.
Croquettes. Bell dings Ham and potato and cheese croquettes.
A fried ball of amazing.
Okay, what are we making?
We're making the brine for ourin-house smoked Canadian bacon that's gonna be used to make the croquettes.
I'm just gonna start off with about a gallon of water.
Fresh sage, thyme, sugar.
Darlin'.
Pink salt. Okay.
Fresh chopped garlic, kosher salt.
Mix that up.
Do we submerge that 48 hours?
Just go right to the smoker. Straight to the smoker.
Dig it. Couple hours.
Oh, come on now.
That's legit Canadian bacon.
I mean real legit.
Just gonna dice that up.
Gonna put the croquettes together.
Little Béchamel, cheddar cheese, shredded potato, black pepper.
Look at that.
Canadian bacon.
There's nothing about this I don't love.
Portion them up like so.
Okay, a little flour.
Little flour. Buy into that.
Little seasoned egg wash. Seasoned egg wash salt, pepper.
Some panko Panko.
All right, so we take these now, and then we'll fryhem at what?
350.
Give me the croquettes.
All right, here you go.
[whistles] What are you doing to me?
Give those a try.
Be careful, they're heavy inside.
Look at the cheese oozing out of th.
Let me break it down for you like hammer time. I've been around the world from London to the bay.
[laughter] I would say that this is in the perfect realm of croquettes.
Right amount of crust and the right amount of Béchamel to bind it.
Crunch, creaminess, texture.
That's ridiculous.
Nicely done.
Croquettes. Thank you.
It's the real deal. I mean, it's fresh.
It's like a flavor explosion in your mouth.
The range of food that they have is kind of unique.
Burgers, the pastas.
Tapas that range from Asian influence, Italian influence, American influence.
All the pizzas here are to die for
With toppings that are far from typical.
We're gonna make a marinade for our flat-iron steaks.
These are gonna go on a great white-bean pizza.
Back up. Wait a second. What did you just tell me?
White-bean and steak pizza.
Are you just making things up, making concoctions?
Start f with ginger, green onions, soy sauce.
We're gonna add the lime juice, crushed red pepper.
Now we're gonna marinade our flat-iron steaks.
How long's this gonna go on?
72 hours.
We'll make some white-bean paste. White beans!
Beans that have been cooked in chicken stock, little bit of garlic, little lemon juice, little roasted garlic, olive oil, dry thyme.
Great. Little black pepper.
And salt.
Give this a taste.
Just give me that.
Beans are done.
Time to cook the sak.
Next up, got our pizza dough.
What's going first? Pesto.
White-bean puree.
Chopped tomato.
Little red onion. Pop that into the oven.
What temp we cooking that oven at?
425.
Halfway through.
We're gonna have the steak that's gonna be cooked rare, slice it.
Pop it right on there, let it finish up in the oven.
Okay.
And what are we gonna throw on it now? Fresh basil.
Dude, you got it all a rustic pesto, the creamy beans, great amount of steak.
The crust is dynamite.
That's a meal of a pizza.
Right on, man. Great job.
White-bean steak pizza.
It's fantastic. The steak's perfect, just the way I like it.
Yeah, please do.
That's what it's for.
So, we're hanging out in Sandy, Utah, at the Tin Roof, and when we come back, we're gonna make the bomb cheesecakes.
I want the best one you got. You're gonna get it.
vacation, it's time to play.
So at Hilton we say play hooky from your regular Monday.
And while you're at it, play hooky from the ordinary.
The uninspired.
The routine.
But mostly, just play.
When you plan a vacation at any one of Hilton's 12 distit brands you always get the lowest price.
Only when you book direct at Hilton. com.
oo yearover days go unused?
They're paid vacation days.
We'll book you t times.
We'll get you backstage sses.
Take a helicopter tour.
I wanna s the sun, I wannas the mountains.
How about a fishing trip?
Please?
Bring the kidsbb Just take one more day.
Just one more day.
To plan your one more day,contact MasterCard concierge services ordownload the app.
Because one moreayis priceless.
Beeping Audible Safety Beeping Audible Safety Beeping The Nissan Rogue, With safety shield Technologies.
The on thing lefto fear is you imagination.
Nissan. Innovation that excites.
Welcome back.
Hanging out at Tin Roof mmill in Sandy, Utah.
And I'm gonna tell you something, dude The sign does not do credit to what goes on in the crazy hut.
We really enjoy the cheesecake here It's homemade, it's fresh.
They've got a whole board of cheesecakes.
Show me the cheesecakes.
First up, we're gonna start off Gonna be a raspberry Charlotte cheese We're gonna mix up a cheesecake.
Little sugar, little flour, vanilla, raspberry liqueur.
Slowly add thcream cheese, making sure it's gonna be nice and smooth.
We're gonna slowly add those eggs.
All mixed up.
Now we're gonna add some fresh raspberries.
So, slowly fold those in so they don't break apart.
Cut our pound cake.
We're just breaking a pound cakeup and just jamming it in there.
I like the way you roll.
About half of it in there.
Because NN're gonna bake the bottom half 30, 40 minutes.
Bring it out.
Now we're gonna add the rest of the batter.
Second time we put it in, we put it in a water bath.
It's gonna keep our cheesecake from being soft in the mide.
How long's it bake then?
About 45 minutes.
Then we let it cool overnight.
Chop up some pound cake, put it on there, then a white-chocolate ganache.
Top it off with a couple of raspberries.
Now we're gonna pop a little raspberry syrup on there.
[whistles] Little powdered sugar.
This is so rich, so creamy.
Studded th the fresh raspberries, the ganache.
The whole thing, it's outstanding.
When you think righteous cheesecake, that's it.
This is one of my really close, dear friends.
This is Spencer Leto, and Spencer goes to school up in Park City.
So I figured I have to ask what he thinks of the cheesecake.
Raberries are good, fresh, and the pound cake on top just tops it off.
This travels well in that jeep, so we'll just This'll be fine.
Can I get a box, please? Of course.
So, that's it for this Flavortown road trip, but don't you worry.
There's plenty more joints all over this country!
I'll be lookin for younext time on Diners, Drive-ins,and Dives. How am I looking? How am I looking?
[laughs] Hmm?
Am I good?
[laughter] Hey, there.
I'm Fieri, and we're rolling out looking for America's greatest diners, drive-ins, and dives.
This trip. Oh!
It's time to indulge.
ll You ain't saving any calories today, Guy.
It's some rockin' rich recipes.
I'm gonna end up pushing that car again.
In Los Angeles, California
Oh! A Koreatown biergarten.
That's impressive! Firing up funky, full-flavored fusion.
Is that what you were going for?
Yeah, that's what I was going for. Gangster.
In Crlotte, North Carolina
What a great place.
A mother-daughter duo
Can I lick the bowl? Sure.
Serving up the savory and the sweet.
That is probably one of the best desserts I've ever had on Triple D. And on the east side of Charlotte
Hey, ho!
A wild and crazy joint
You got to come down for the show.
Dishing out seafood with an attitude.
Badda-bing, right there for you! Yeah.
That's all right here, right now, on Triple D. I'm always looking for great joints that are serving killer food served up by real characters.
I mean, you got Stretch at Grinders, Reno at Fresh Catch.
Who can forget Donnie D'Alessio at Queens Comfort.
I mean, the list goes on and on and on.
So here I am on the northeast side of Charlotte, North Carolina.
Badda-bing, I've found another one!
This is Krazy Fish.
Oh!
Mussels in the window.
It's the best in Charlotte.
Melting pot of good flavor.
Szechuan salmon tacos for you.
I think to be in the restaurant business, you got to be a little bit wacky.
Oh!
George is a little bit wacky.
That would be New York native George Prisco, who grew up in his family's restaurant biz before opening his own brand of crazy in 2011.
A couple of my friends, we got together and we decidedto open up a restaurant.
Concept just came along of welding a bunch of junk together.
Started welding. Krazy Fish came about.
The name embodies kind of the food combinationzz they make here.
Blackened catfish.
add some mint shallots, garlic, calabrian chiles.
They're not as spicy as jalapeños, a little vinegar to them.
Yeah. cherry vinegar. chili paste.
and we're just gonna let this sit there and cook down.
Sit there and cook down until it gets to like a jelly or marmalade-like consistency.
all right, so we're gonna make our dough.
We start off with water. sicilian sea salt.
We add our first batch of caputo our.
The caputo flour 00, high-gluten flour.
OLD MAN RIVER HERE. LOOK AT THAT. speaks indistinctly I know. nice and slow and steady.
We'll give this a mix, then we're gonna add our next batch of flour, and then the yeast.
Mix it totally for 25 minutes, then we'll ball it up, let it proof at room temperature 8 to 12 hours.
just give it a little stretch.
Wow, that is just thin and fast, man!
We're gonna assemble our delia pizza.
Fresh mozzarella.
We're gonna add our bacon marmalade.
Roasted grape tomatoes.
We need a little squirt of olive oil.
Then we add a little bit of basil.
Now it is ready for the oven.
about 900 degrees.
this is where it's gonna get cool.
Ha ha! like that.
Gangster.
Now what kinda wood are we burnin'?
Texas oak.
So this is 60 to 70 seconds.
Ready to go.
Look at that!
a bit of olive oil.
It's ready to go to a table.
mouth full TO BREAK IT DOWN FOR YOU, the sweet, smokey, salty and not too salty bacon marmalade that goes in.
The arugula for a little pepper.
The lile bit of char from the crust gives it that rustic appeal.
this is this is this ahh!
mouth full I'M AT A LOSS FOR WORDS.
Nice job, brother.
it's your delia for you.
It's so good. it's so salty and pillowy.
and pizza's not the only thing they're dishing up.
Pasta's really great here because it's handmade.
now we're gonna make our fresh pasta for our pasta amatriciana.
This is the same flour we use for our pizza.
Super high-gluten flour.
Gonna get a lot of great chew out of that.
We add the eggs, pinch of salt, and we're just gonnstart mushing this together.
This is how you do it every day for your restaurant?
gonna start adding a little bit of water?
THEN WE'LL WRAP IT, ddORE IT, Bring it out, start running it through.
Afraid it's coming my way.
YOU SHOULD BE WORRIED. OKAY. [chuckles] Start running it through.
And we keep it a little thicker 'cause we cook it al dente.
Now are we gonna let this rest before we cut it, or are we gonna go straight to cutting?
WE CAN CUT IT STRAIGHT THROUGH. clicking Keep going. you got it. feel the pain.
FEEL THE BURN. clicking so we let this dry, and we're ready to go? absolutely.
So wmake our pancetta. little pork belly?
a little sea salt, and we just kinda want it to look like snow.
So we'll just rub this down on both sides.
You're gonna get all this great, unctuous, pig-a-nicious flavor that's gonna come out
It's a new word. work with it.
All right, so after we've let the pork belly cure for three days, we'll put it in a 325-degr oven anywhere from 60 to 90 minutes.
So we will pull this off the thing gotta getrightunder that.
That's what they need to start selling at the fair.
Get these kids off the candy. !
mouth full GO RIGHT AHEAD. DO WHATEVER You gotta do now.
We're gonna dice this up.
It's nice, it's crunchy, it's salty, and that's what really makes the amatriciana come together.
Pork-a-licious. pork-a-licious.
Put a little extra virgin olive oil.
Ttncetta. a few onions in there.
Touch of pasta water.
Fortified san marzano tomatoes.
oregano, basil.
smacks lips MM A LITTLE CHILI FLAKE.
and we're gonna drop our pasta.
We're gonna let that cook for about a minute.
We're gonna hit this with a little red chili flake.
We take our pasta, drain it off, drop it in the pan.
Let that sauce kind of amalgamate to that.
And then we're gonna just drop it in a plate.
A little more parmesan on top of that, ready to go.
It's got all the right principals, man.
You've got great pasta, which has got nice texture to it, nice chew.
You got pig-tastic house-cured pancetta.
inhales mouth full IT'S SIMPLE, IT'S DELICATE.
Did a good job. all right, dude.
Bolognese coming right up.
And the amatriciana.
I love the fresh taste of the pasta, and the pork and everything in it.
Oven's good and hot.
man I COME HERE BECAUSE I REALLY AGREE With jay's philosophy getting the best ingredients, doing the hard work himself, and he agrees there's no such thing as too uch pork.
Caribbean food at its best!
We're heading to minneapolis, minnesota, to feel the burn of caribbean cuisine.
Super-hottie, smoldery burny-mouthy?
This is marla's caribbean cuisine.
Marla's brings the best of trinidad and tobago to the twin cities.
Goat and rice.
This is authentic? oh, my goodness, yes.
Something marla jadoonanan knows a thing or t about I was born in trinidad.
And raised her family on the food she loves.
Here's a stew chicken with fried dumplings.
She left her career because herpassion was to come down here and serve food to the folks of south minneapolis!
Ack and saltfish ready.
What does anthony eat when he comes in?
Goat. I love goat.
And he also has curry beef roti.
It's a sort of flatbread.
And she's got a trinidadian version filled with yellow split peas called dhal pourie.
And it goes perfect with the curry.
Made with potatoes and chana, or chickpeas.
But the roti starts with yellow peas.
We also call this dhal.
We're making the filling for the dhal pourie, and this oh, whoa, whoa, whoa.
We're gonna make a dowry? no. dhal pourie.
Dhal pourie.
We have to boil this with turmeric, salt, and garlic.
roasted whole cumin seeds.
now we'll be adding the dhal.
Garlic. habanero pepper.
And then more peas? who gets this fun job?
I am very protective of my kitchen AND MY FOOD, SO I DO IT MYSELF. [whirring] You do it yourself?
like popeye with one big arm.
LOOK AT THIS. metal clatters [laughter] That's what you get for making fun of my popeye arm.
[laughs] AHH!
Now we have to salt it, then we have to taste it.
Wow. that toasted really makes it.
So now we have to do the curry.
Chickpeas. oh, hands down, one of my favorites.
Did my mom call you and say, what's going on here? is that like an intervention?
DR. PHIL'S NOT HERE, IS HE? [laughs] I can't tell you. your mom made me promise.
[laughs] THANK YOU. WELL, YOU REALLY KEPT That under wraps.
[laughs] ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO.
Goa soak these overnight.
Water. garlic. cilantro. fresh thyme.
A lot of the same characters. chopped onions.
Scallions. baking powder to soften it.
A little bit of soybn oil. mix it all together.
Let it let it sit overnight.
25 Minutes. got it.
So this is my special blend of curry.
Add some garlic. onions. !
Cilantro. then we add the water.
Gonna make a little paste with it. !
Chickpeas are good.
So now we add the oil. whoa!
GETTIN' ALL WITCH DOCTOR ON ME. [laughs] I dig it.
You have to let the water, um, absorb in there, And that cooks the curry down.
Curry can actually taste raw.
Oh, I've had it raw too many times. yeah.
We add the garbanzo beans, or chana.
Oh, it smellmmgreat!
These are raw potatoes, and oh, my goodness.
all the flavor gets absorbed into it.
Awesome.
We'll let that cook down for about 20 minutes.
So this is the dough that I needed.
Make it into little doughballs.
Open it out a little bit. what's in the dough?
Baking powder, salt, and sugar.
We're making a well so we can do the filling of the dhal.
oh, look at that little twist the basket.
There we go.
And now we're gonoo roll that out.
That's history right there, baby.
that's over 30 years old.
Roll it. gently, without popping it.
Oh, my gosh. and you stretch.
Just stretching it out.
So now we have to take it to the tower.
First we have to oil the tower.
I gotta get one of those.
Now we slap it on there.
Ohh!
Tortilla pizza dough gone wild.
And s the little bubbl coming up there?
Uh-huh. I do.
That's when you kno you need to turn.
Where has this been all my life?
Ohh, ohh.
Is this vegan? yes.
Wow! wow wow!
And that's it. we're all done.
mouth full OHH, THAT'S GOOD! AND THAT RIGHT There you got me at hello. !
Habanero.
[laughing] F-f-fire truck!
wow, that's hot!
Creamy, great texture, savory, salty, a little bit of spice.
mouth full AND LOOK AT THE GOOSEBUMPS, Man.
I'M TELLLING YOU. THIS IS ABOUT MY SISTER, Because this is how my sister told me to always eat.
In the top threebest vegan dishes I've ever had.
! mouth full AND I DON'T SAY THAT VERY Ofte thank you.
And she ain't done yet.
What else you got? you're a magic woman!
Those hot dogs look good.
Oh yeah, Hebrew National.
They're all-beef like yours but they're also kosher.
Is that a big deal?
I think so. Because not just any beef goes into it.
I guess they're pretty choosy.
Oh, Honey! Here have some of ours.
Oh!
When your hot dog's kosher, that's a hot dog you can trust.
Hebrew National
When I'm thinking about minneapolis, the caribbean is kind of the last thing on my mind.
But marla's in the powderhn neighborhood is definitely raising the temperature with righteous spicy cooking from trinidad and tobago.
You know, this isthe upper midwest, where black pepper was the spiciest thing for a very long time.
When it's 20 below outside on the sidewalk, you appreciate a trip to the caribbean.
I love the oxtails. !
So oxtail's big? very big.
They ate everything from the animal.
this is the tail part.
imitates lowing virtual cavalcade.
Let's hit it. black pepper.
Onions. cilantro.
Allspice? allspice.
Thyme. bay leaf. bay leaf.
Fresh garlic. onions. chopped onions.
I feel like I'm almost making a jerk spice, yeah, you know, we use
Jerk we'd have some citrus and it'd have some heat.
Sliced ginger. marla's special blend.
Is it paprika? what kind of paprika?
Mm-hmm-h
It is smoked, and it comes from spain. smoked.
We mix it together. we marinate this overnight.
So this is all going to the pressure cooker together?
when we pressure-cook it.
So we've got our oxtail ready to go.
Now we have to stew it, which we call brown brown down ?
Yeah. down!
First we do the oil, then we have to do the sugar in here.
We got a little caramelization going on?
Hence the brown.
See that beautiful golden color it's getting?
Uh-huh.
It almost looks like it's burning.
One second. hold it.
Okay, and then you have to step back.
THERE WE GO. [sizzling] whooshing You stood right in there like a warrior.
You have to.
Onions. garlic. cilantro.
Ketchup? allspice.
red peppers the trinity cooking of caribbean food.
You want that vegetables to be nice and crisp.
that looks awesome.
Gonna serve this with red beans and rice.
Look at that meat tender, flaky, pull-aparty.
Super-hottie, smoldery burny-mouthy?
Skin graffy fixy toppy roofy.
ah, that's nice.
It's sweet. it's savory!
The vegetables have a nice little crunch.
The rice and beans goes along great.
mouth full THIS GRAVY. !
It's soft as butter, and it's beautiful, and I just wanna go to sleein it.
Get away from me.
Stew oxtails with red beans and rice.
This food is ridiculous. very good.
Caribbean food at its best!
I say it's the first, the last, the best, and the most!
It's right in the heart of the twin cities, but the flavor's coast-to-coast.
Some of the best I've ever had. you're awesome.
I will be back.
UP NEXT. [sizzling] Bird is the word. chicken burger, sweet fries.
Is big on the handmade.
Want some gravy? this is body by gravy.
bones.
New Citracal Pearls. Delicious berries and cream.
Soft, chewable, calcium plus vitamin D.
Only from Citracal.
Meal's chicken, a large coleslaw, baked beans with pulled chicken, 4 biscuits and a half gallon of Dole Classic Lemonade.
You know what I'm talkin' about? It's still finger lickingood.
I can't imagine life without them.
it's is not goodbye.
yes, it is.
No, it isn't
Ok, I guess it's not.
you got it booking right.
yeah I love coming down to austin, texas.
I mean, we're talkin' about the music, those crazy bats that live under congress street bridge, and then, the food.
So here we are on lamar street to check out this huge joint I mean, we're talkin' 700 square feet where they're serving up quality comfort food to a whopping 26 seats.
This is the counter cafe.
Good morning, y'all.
It's a small, cozy, comfortable diner.
Order up, please counter burger, spring salad.
They're doing things from scratch right in front of you.
order up biscuits and gravy.
Okay, tom, here you go.
I just enjoy debbie's company every morning.
And every afternoon, 'cause no matter when
chances are, owner debbie davis is lighting up the joint order up, please breakfast sandwich.
But she ain't runnin' this show alone.
Order up blueberry hotcake.
The chefs, nick and steve, the cruz brothers, are just fabulous.
Doesn't get any better than those brothers.
Chicken burger, sweet fries.
It's like the chicken burger supreme.
It's ground chicken and onions, curry it's yummy.
We're grinding something.
WE'RE GRINDING CHICKEN. MAKE SOME CHICKEN Burger.
And doing the thigh? yeah.
Okay, so let me just get this straight.
Tiny kitchen,two guys working, lots of volume BUY GROUND CHICKEN?
No. not the way it works at the counter?
No way. you've got the grinder.
[whirring] I'm just trying not to wear the chicken bits.
Grinding some garlic. a jalapeño.
[whirring] minced red onions. okay.
then add some yellow curry.
Salt. and a little bit of pepper.
gonna mix this up.
Okay so the fat in the chicken helps just tie everything together.
That kind of works as the binder itself.
It does. yeah.
Now this is gonna take a little time to set up.
I'm gonna put it in the fridge, we're gonna keep it overnight. okay.
chicken burger on? chicken burger on.
[sizzling] Let it start to crust up so it stays together. right.
[sizzling] continues You a big sweet potato fan? oh, yeah. definitely.
mouth full THAT'S A TASTY FRY. GOOD CRUNCH.
and a wheat bun.
Chicken burger.
Wow! I get a little bit of the spice.
Probably the underlying tone of the whole thing is the curry.
Right.
I mean, juicy as can be.
Tender, good bite, lots of flavor.
mouth full JUST A LITTLE BIT OF HONEY.
Can't beat it.
thanks chicken burger, sweet fries.
And it's 26 seats and 700 square feet.
Including the bathrooms, 700 square feet.
not a lot of people put that in their brochure. add the bathrooms.
Order uptwobreakfast tacos.
you've got to be just wowed.
Jimmie vaughansitting at the counter.
Well, this is where youcome for breakfast.
Morning. here's your quail and eggs.
Quail you don't get everywhere, so it's one of the reasons TO COME HERE. IT'jjS LIKE A BETTER CHICKEN.
Biscuits outstanding, too.
uh, we're gonna do some homemade biscuits from scratch buttermilk.
If you don't make a scratch-made biscuit here, you probably get run out of town. exactly.
I saw that poster. okay, give me the rundown.
Unbleached organic flour here. of course.
I'm gonna add my baking powder. baking soda.
Sugar.
Salt. gonna add my butter cubes.
And that's so we diversify the fat throughout the biscuit so you get the flakiness. perfect.
Mash it up just a little bit.
But not enough that you start to break it down.
If you melt that butter, you just don't get that separation.
Exactly. okay.
Now I'm gonna add my buttermilk.
MIXING THAT UP. clattering Gonna flip this bowl over.
We'll g it hand-pattied out
makes whooshing sounds Lining 'em up. all right.
400. How long?
About 20 minutes. hot and fast.
What are we making?
Doing some quail. bird is the word.
Most times when I come to texas, I yyn get good quail.
Gonna grill some on the grill right now.
SALT AND PEPPER IT. [sizzling] All right, so the biscuits are down.
The quail's cooking. what's next?
I just pulled my poached eggs.
Nothing I like more than pulling some poached eggs.
My fresh baked biscuits.
Take that out.
Is this a staple? at the counter?
Yeah. oh, yeah.
Quail and eggs.
[sizzling] Quail, poached eggs, fresh-made biscuits, and hash browns that you cut.
Start pulling apart.
It's good quail. nice quail, huh?
mouth full WHAT DO YOU SERVE WITH YOUR Biscuits? some gravy on there.
want some gravy?
Do I want some gravy?
This is body by gravy.
I'm not a huge breakfast fan, but if I'm gonna eat breakfast, I want to have hand-made food.
'Cause you're doing everything fresh, you're making your own biscuits.
Everything ties together really nice.
mouth full I MEAN, IT IS IT'S ON POINT, Man.
Good job, man. thank you. hey. thank you.
Order up, please quail and eggs, scrambled.
It's a little richer, fuller quality than chicken.
It's absolutely delicious.
And everybody leaves happy no matter what they order.
And so right after lunch is served, there's a floor show with nick and steve and dancing and puppets?
On the counter. now I understand.
So that's it for this flavor town road trip, but don't you worry.
There's plenty more joints all over this country!
I'll be looking for younext time uh, a criminal defense attorney.
So you'll be able to goin the courtroom with all that red sauceon your shirt right there? do i?
DID YOU S THAT? [laughter] ST KIDDING. [laughs] GOOD JOB.
Hey, everybody. I'm Guy Fieri, and we're rolling out looking for America's greatest diners, drive-ins, and dives.
This trip
You like to party?
it's an old-world throwdown.
I do like to party. Why not? Zicke zacke zicke zacke hoi hoi hoi!
In Tacoma, Washington
[Polish accent] Freak-out deli. Five fingers.
the mom-and-pop European stop
Things are out of control!
dressing up
I don't think anybody's ever wore a bow tie in the history of Triple D. their take on a comfort cure-all
Do I have to go get a hangover to try it?
Sure. Okay.
In downtown Toronto
Word to the ball. Word to the ball.
a restaurant that's a shout-out
Deep voice, echoing Rodfather.
to a classic Italian favorite.
You're gonna have to pry this out of my dead hands.
And in Syracuse, New York, a mily-run Polish joint
That's really nice comfort food.
pouring on the potato pancakes with a heaping side of pizzazz.
This is the first time anybody's been in snakeskin kitchen pants.
Ohh, geez.
Yes, you foxy lady. Giggles That's all right here, right now, on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives.
I'm he in downtown Toronto, Canada, on College Street, right between Little Italy and Little Portugal.
I'm here to check out a joint with a chef that's using fresh, local ingredients and meats to make these wait for it
wait for it.
Exactly little round orbs of joy.
This is Hey Meatball.
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey! Hey! Hey, hey, hey!
Curry balls and risotto.
Just the perfect amount of spice.
Mac and cheese. Just super flavorful.
three meat balls.
It's perfect. It fills you up.
It's really the only game in town when it comes to meatballs.
You call it Hey Meatball, you've got to be, like, a meatball god.
Angelic chorus vocalizes Were you raised on meatballs?
Not at all.
Actually, it was a trip to Istanbul that got the meatball rolling for Chef Rod Bowers.
In Turkey, they have,instead of hamburger shacks, they have these littlekofta shacks.
Rod fell in love with those Turkish meat delights and brought the idea back home to Canada.
I call myself the 300-pound nonna. Do you seriously? Home of the 300-pound nonna. And he's backing up the nickname with dishes like this
cuban chicken in four minutes.
the pubby with sweet potato fries.
I need another oklahoma dog and another apple butter brie.
I knew she could cook, but I didn't know how well.
I got a brick burger, a cuban and a meat loaf down.
It's always got a lot of flair and spice and flavor.
you can tell it's all homemade.
kind of stuff? we make the time.
It's important to us that things taste good.
fabulous meat loaf sandwich.
woman THE PIECE OF MEAT LOAF IS JUST WONDERFUL.
I GOT MEAT LOAF. RIGHT DOWN TO THE Ketchup.
Chipotle ketchup killer. I'm a fan.
We're gonna make chipotle ketchup. great.
we sauté the onions, salt and pepper. so the onions have sweated?
We add apple cider vinegar, brown sugar, which
$5 Question. adobo.
Worches what is the word?
just say, che-che-che-che. wor-che-che-che-che. then we mix this up.
so no ketchup goes in this.
This is all you just doin' it your way.
Right.
We like to do it our way. all right.
So we get all that mixed in. smells great.
Let thissit there and simmer?
now that it's simmered, a little brightness, a little acid.
Break down the onions, we're good to go.
I just want to taste that by itself. whoa.
thank you very much.
And this is forthe meat loaf sandwich. yes.
Okay, what are we on to? meat loaf.
I make it all in the same pan that I'm gonna cook it in.
that's a lot of liquid chicken.
so this is a gigantic dump-and-stir.
I haven't seen that one.
add a little worcestershire, parsley also. some pepper.
I can get my foot in there if you need me to.
mix that all up thoroughly.
Form the grande loaf. wrap it in foil.
425, about an hour and a half.
the last half-hour.
Let it get all nice and crusty brown on the outside. yeah. okay?
on the flattop.
hand that thing?
Big, slippery bottle.
put this on the flat top.
dig it.
Get our bread toasted. wheat berry bread.
And then we get pepper jack cheese on it.
Cover it.
Get a little water under there, melt the cheese.
that's our meat loaf.
NICE AND EASY. THERE YOU GO. [whistles] And then we take some of the chipotle ketchup.
Nice. all right, get that other piece.
the brick's meat loaf sandwich.
Was the name brick just because of the SIZE OF THIS? [laughs] that's a real good move.
The meat loaf has got really nice texture.
The rye bread really plays in nicely.
That's crazy.
The chipotle ketchup carries the torch for this.
But the wheat berry bread really does give nice crunch, a wholesomeness to it.
here's your meat loafwith sweet potato fries.
it's a last-meal sandwich, you know?
Moist and spicy and crusty bread.
Their meat loaf is some of the best I've had. the chipotle ketchup, i think, is the kicker.
I think so, too. it's really good.
Carolina. we got a carolina.
The food's always been wonderful.
you come here to eat, you're gonna be happy.
and it's not just the food, it's the atmosphere.
See your friends play some music, and have a meat loaf sandwich, and it's a good night.
it's got good energy.
You're here, make the food yourself.
See, what more could you ask for?
It's the bomb. it's the brick.
buffalo wings with fries.
WE'RE HEADIN' TO D.C. SHRIMP AND Grits.
this is real-deal grits right here.
With attitude. super grandma's gravy.
I'm on the corner of tenth and u street in midtown d. c.
To check out a joint that's servin' soul food.
Now I hear it's just notthe average, everyday soul food.
I hear it's the kind of food that's gonna make you go ooh and ahh.
I guess that's why they named it oohhs & aahhs.
This right here? that's soul, soul food.
Soul, soul food.
FRIED CHICKEN. FRIED CHICKEN THE Best.
nine years in the nfl.
LaMONT JORDAN, YOU ARE THE MAN.
When you come home,this is where you hang out?
Definitely, uh, one of my favorite places to come.
MY FAVORITE HAS ALWAYS BEEN THE BEEF Ribs.
THE FLAVOR IS PHENOMENAL. woman GRAVY On the meat loaf.
this is super grandma's gravy.
that he's been servin' up
Fried catfish.
my mom would cook, or his grandmother she was a great cook.
makin' grandma's classics like this one.
I need that.
It's grit time.
You think I got this body just from eatin' vegetables all the time. I am a grit-eatin' fool.
first thing we add is a little bit of cream.
salt? salt and the tiniest bit of sugar.
we're gonna add all this butter.
The fat cameright to the top there.
Whisk in your grits so that they don't stick together.
Let these simmer? 20 minutes or so.
The grits are cookin'. what are we into?
Some shrimp? gotta clean your shrimp.
You don't bring 'em in pre-peeled or pre-deveined.
No.
going to do the extra mile, 'cause it always comes outa little bit better.
We're gonna make our cajun seasoning onion powder, garlic powder old bay seasoning, some black pepper, chili powder, i like that call.
And some red pepper flakes for some heat.
Blend all this together.
Okay, and then we'll add this generously to the shrimp.
my grandma would probably beat me if I did it different.
[laughs] SO NOW THAT THOSE ARE SEASONED, Go over to the grill.
and we'll add some butter to the hot grill, I'm down herecheckin' the grits.
Yeah, you gotta stir those puppies, make sure they don't stick. good-lookin' grits.
CREAMY GRITS. [whistles] And then we'll add shrimp on top of here.
How many shrimp in an order, boss? ten.
That's a nice servin'. look at that.
I'm tryin' to get after one of these shrimp.
oh, man.
You get the heat and the spiciness and the savory comin' from the shrimp.
and the creamy, salty texture of the
You gotta do it the right way.
All right, shrimp.
Then shovel in a mouthful of grits.
this is real-deal grits right here.
nice job, bud. thank you.
SHRIMP AND GRITS COMIN' UP. SHRIMP And grits, which is my favorite.
need onions and peppers, please.
Best part about this place right here is they have a large variety of things.
'Cause I will try just about anything.
Whatever stuffed, add it to the menu.
Teriyaki salmon. oh, man.
IT'S ONE OF THEM THINGS. CRAB CAKES, Tender and light.
it's very good.
BUT HIS SIDES. CABBAGE GREENS AND Macaroni.
the corn bread oh, my goodness.
I send everyone here look at that.
it is so cheesy.
I've eaten everything in here.
been comin' here since they've been open.
Chicken wings up front, please.
Which are still their top seller.
hey, can't beat it.
all-purpose flour, lemon pepper.
wow, a lot of it.
Basil, got some oregano.
Straight up oregano, or is that italian seasoning?
Just a little oregano mix.
we got some onion powder.
Then, like, mix it with your hand.
then once we do that, take a few of these nice wings here, and we'll dredge 'em.
Gotta mix it up good. shake 'em off.
and that's all she wrote?
Oil's at 350? 350.
Ready? hit it.
doin' his from scratch.
now it's wing sauce time?
Now it's wing sauce time. all right.
and a little butter.
Okay, lemon juice, basil-oregano blend here, SOME SUGAR, AND SOME GARLIC POWDER. [whistles] Mix this around, add a little bit of water.
nope, from washington, d.c.
WHY'D YOU SAY WAD-DAH ? [laughs] A little bit of wad-dah. we'll stir it.
You can get all sloppy with it that way when you've gota red chef coat on. yeah.
Thoroughly blend it.
we're gonna add our wings.
I usually let it boil up a little bit, my mouth is already startin' to water.
Plate these up. don't those look nice?
That's what i'm talkin' about.
This right here this is that nice balance between hot, and there's some garlic, little bit of that lemon juice comin' through.
I'm gonna be honest with you.
I don't like breaded buffalo wings.
except for here.
knockin' this out, man.
buffalo wings and fries comin' out.
kind of sultrytaste to them, I want a crunch to meat ratio, 50/50.
The soul food fried chicken here best in town.
India FRIED CATFISH. THE FISH, THE CHICKE- It doesn't matter.
If you're lookin' for a good meal, fried crab cakeand french fries.
Soul, soul food. soul, soul food.
,you gotta check this spot out.
the wings with that sauce.
Buffalo wings and fries. that's awesome.
Good job, you guys. thank you. thank you.
Lobster rolls.
pulled pork sandwich.
Are smokin'. that is totally legit.
I'm about 30 minutes north of boston in the famous town of salem, massachusetts, you know, the witch trials and everything?
Well, right now, I'm in the historic area known as artists' row, and what caught my ear is I hear there's a little joint that's makin' a wicked lobster martini.
THIS IS THE LOBSTER SHANTY. two LOBSTERTINIS.
you nevers it anywhere else.
ENJOY. IT'S LIKE A DIRTY MARTINI, But not as salty.
LOBSTERl CLAWS. I'M A LITTLE WARY.
[laughs] BUT I WILL TRY IT. LATER, AFTER The food.
the best I've had in new england.
STEAMERS. EVERYTHING YOU'D EXPECT
CLAM BASKET. AND SOME THINGS YOU Wouldn't.
MARGHERITA PIZZA. MAC AND CHEESE.
Oh, so good. they're serving comfort food.
ever since diane wolf her friends call her deed bought the joint three and a half years ago.
You got it. how did you find the location?
WE WERE ACTUALLY REGULARS HERE. woman DEED Is actually a trained chef like this non-new england specialty.
Pulled pork sandwich. this is the bomb.
It's awesome.
Very nice barbecued flavor. smokin' chips.
What do we got? 2 parts hickory, 1 part mesquite.
Soak these in coff and beer. really?
And I'll let this sit overnight, and let the wood chips get nice and soft.
put the wood chips in the smoker.
she doesn't stop.
keep the meat from drying out.
So now we're gonna make some salt mix.
Coarse ground black pepper, kosher salt, rosemary, sage, and parsley ground together.
Okay, and then we'regonna smoke some meat.
start with makin' some pork rub steak seasoning, brown
red pepper flakes, cumin.
love the smoked hungarian paprika, put that lid on there, and get funky with it. nice.
Grab the spices out with one hand.
Rub it on with the other handso you don't put the pork hand put it right into the smoker, 13 hours.
Like we're makin' a witch's brew.
we absolutely are.
A little garlic oil,our magical salt mix,
That's my style.
[cackles] BROWN SUGAR.
a boatload of ketchup.
molasses.
Interesting.
Orange juice, pineapple juice, chopped tomatoes right now, chili garlic paste, cayenne pepper, smoked paprika, cinnamon, red pepper flakes, chili powder, cumin, and the deadly ghost chili powder. hang on.
they're see my eyes? there you go. ghost chilies.
little immersion blender into that.
let me taste the wicked brew.
Is it ready?
yeah, all right.
of the smoker. look at that.
You know it's done when you just grab a corner of it like that and just shred it off. wow.
Delicious. great rub. pull it apart.
we're gonna sauce the meat in the bowl.
GET IT ON. [whistles] STIR THAT AROUND.
lettuce and tomato.
[whistles] Whoa, that's totally legit.
The pulled pork is delicious.
Crazy smoke with the beer and the coffee.
Tender, it's moist, but what really makes it you've got a really nice sweet heat barbecue sauce goin' on that complements it incredibly well.
Seriously, great job. rock on.
Pulled pork sandwich. sweet, spicy and salty.
oh, it's the best.
Enjoy your meals. i love it here.
You're in a little shack. big tourist area.
You could just be serving corned beef sandwiches and lobster chowderand be done with it.
Where's the love in that?
You walk in, and you get really great food.
Everything is freshly prepared.
That's why people come here.
For everything from clamchowder to fried
When I'm at the lobster shanty, I do go for the steak tips.
guinness steak tips.
Okay, so what are we gonna start on first?
I'm gonna trim the flat meat.
I'm gonna cube it up. big chunks like that.
brown sugar, and just a pinch some worcestershire sauce.
okay, a lot of soy sauce.
Of course, black pepper, garlic cloves, whoa.
GUINNESS. together NICE SOUND.
Yes. i love the sound.
It's the best sound. boatload of stout beer.
Yes, but wait. there's more. okay.
And then molasses. what a wild concoction.
so we let this gofor at least eight hours.
Grills' hot. throw it on the grill.
Look how it's started to break down already from the marinade.
Nice. we are ready. let's plate these up.
All right. looks good. look at that.
really tasty. you get all the notes.
The soy, you get the beginning of the molasses, tiny bit of heat.
The underlying theme hasto be that stout beer.
Don't just think thatwe're a lobster shack.
We make good steak, too. well done.
Excellent.
Steak tips are delicious, cut right apart.
It's just good food. it's not pretentious.
Diane SURF & TURF. IT HAS SOMETHING FOR Everyone.
We had the marinated flat meat done in the stout beer, the real deal barbecue, but the whole reason I rolled into this joint was I heard about this lobster martini. tastes like the ocean.
Lovely.
at the lobster shanty inn
Set up in a minute.
Chef diane wolf is doin' lobster any way
Lobster pie. we do sell tons of lobster.
Lobster roll. it's the way it should be.
It's just great.
Lobster mac and cheese, , it's fantastic.
yeah, especially in a martini.
Diane LOBSTERTINI. I LOVE MARTINIS. THIS Is awesome.
It's something I have never had before.
Thanks to bar manager sarah stellato.
you're the one that invented this, right?
Yeah, instead of vermouth, lobster essence, and put a claw in it. and they like it?
Yeah, they like it. it tastes like the ocean.
Lovely.
I wanted to get a drink and enjoy lobster, these are the lobsters.
We're gonna use their bodies to make the stock the essence still a little funk-afied by this to be very honest with you.
I mean, I like i love makin' lobster bisque.
Same start, different finish.
Do you like dirty martinis? I like dirty martinis.
Then I think this is gonna be your segue.
This is gonna do it?
Like salty, briny, delicious lobster flavor.
Lobster?
It's also a snack. all right.
You're gonna love it.
And, of course, we threw some of our magical salt mix of course we did, 'cause we don't do anything without the magical salt mix. nothing.
till they turn red.
Bring 'em out, let 'em cool down, crack 'em, take the meat and begin the process of making the broth with the lobster shell. yes.
yep.
black peppercorns, onion, a little mirepoix.
dill and a little sage.
And sage. simmer this for five hours.
How you gonna keep the murkiness of it out?
Strain it once through a regular chinois.
Strainer.
Then I'll run it again through, like, a coffee filter so this is just clear lobster broth.
strain it into a squeeze bottle.
oh, we're not going to.
I am gonna hand you off to sarah, my bar manager.
I'M A LITTLE WARY. [laughs] oh, go for it.
Vodka. healthy pour.
Yep. yep.
Lobster essence, a little bit more than you would do vermouth in a martini. but it's not as strong.
Doesn't have a taste like vermouth.
does anybody feellike I'm gonna be having a cold lobster bisque cocktail?
Chilled martini glass. strain it.
Lobster claw, the lemon twist.
There's your lobstertini.
Let me prepare myself.
Is there a way to do this in particular?
Some people put the lobster in the glass.
Some people just eat the lobster and they finish it
great lobster flavor.
This is almost like the ghost of lobster martini.
Yeah.
Where you don't get the lobster, you just get the flavor.
You just get the hint of it, so I understand why you serve the the claw with it.
I think that people that really like martinis and like 'em dirty, that's got it.
it's fresh and got some lemon in it. it's good.
you never see it anywhere else.
Enjoy. just love it here.
It's a cool place to come to.
and the food is fabulous.
So that's it from the lobster shanty in salem, massachusetts.
I've always told you, if it's funky,we'll find it.
you next time on diners, drive-ins and banging pans rhythmically I'm guy fieri and we're rollin' out.
Headed for america's greatest diners, drive-ins, and dives.
Best tacos in town.
Guy THIS TRIP. ALL OVER THE MAP.
one taco, you try it and that's it, you're hooked.
MEXICAN FAVORITES THIS FAMILY GREW Up with.
great cook. learned from my mother!
IN SEATTLE. ORDER UP, DOLMADES, GYRO.
THE AUTO REPAIR SHOP TURNED GREEK RESTAURANT
It's really a lot of fun.
baklavas and a brake change.
WHERE MOM'S STILL DOING QUALITY CONTROL.
Polenta smothered in cheese.
FROM A DUDE STILL USING HIS GRANDDAD'S Recipes.
This is a machine.
That's all right here, right now
Mint, about three leaves.
You put the shrimp like halfway.
Put the pink side out so you can see the color. that's what I meant.
Okay, we start rolling.
Just wrap it up and then wrap the side over.
There you go. perfect! wow. you did it! eh?
You just slice it in half, put it on the plate.
A little peanut sauce the hoisin sauce, the water, the peanut butter. then you put sugar.
And you put a little bit of sugar.
And a little cornstarch to tighten it up?
Yeah, that's it.
sprinkle some peanuts on top, and just dip in.
And that's it.
you didn't season the pork or the shrimp.
It's got enough flavor that you don't need to put anything else to it.
My favorite part about it is the mint.
it's great peanut sauce.
I'm glad that you like it.
Excellent. thank you. th-thank you.
The spring roll is wonderful, really good.
IT'S A GOOD MENU. THEY'RE GREAT PEOPLE.
You can't beat it.
did you really say to yourself, i want to take the best of the east coast diners, and I want to take the best of asian food, and we'll put them together? yes, that's the concept.
Exactly that. you ready to open another one?
No.
chili.
We're heading to oklahoma for a championship bowl.
TWO TIMES OKLAHOMA STATE CHILI CHAMPION. [mouthing words]
Nature's Pride 100% Natural Bread.
Because no one ever says , Sodium Stearoyl Lactylate. What can you do with plain white rice?
When you pour chunky sirloin burger soup over it, you can do dinner.
4 Minutes, around 4 bucks.
Campbell's chunky.
™™ you know, one of my favorite things about doing triple d is cruising main street, main street of small-town america.
Now here I am, 25 miles south of oklahoma city, in norman, oklahoma, you know, the sooners and a 110-year-old diner where they're doing a lot more than your average eggs.
Welcome to the diner they call the diner.
Beef and bean burrito.
The food is delicious. the tamale breakfast.
One of the best breakfast foods I've ever had in my life.
Chili. it's awesome.
I USUALLY GET IT ON EVERYTHING I ORDER. [laughing] There you go.
I love this place because it's been around forever.
But the previous owners couldn't make a go
Came to work one day, and the door was locked.
back when mark amspacher was manager here.
Pancakes. it was like a loss in the family.
so attorney and diner regular ben benedum made mark an offer.
Ben says, if I take care of the legal work, I said, you got a deal. all right, guys.
And almost two decades later, folks are still
For all of mark's diner classics, especially this one. championship chili.
Not once, but twice. I love it.
Okay. okay, we're making chili.
5 Pounds of ground beef. a little 80/20.
Now we're not cooking iton the flat top, right?
We're just kind of assembling, and then we'll cook it on a burner.
So you're gonna cookthat meat down first?
No. it's all gonna mesh together.
we're just gonnadump everything in?
YEP. THAT'S HOW WE DO IT. [mouthing words] two times oklahoma state chili champion.
[mouthing words] We're gonna put dark chili powder in there, ground chili pepper, some paprika, mainly for color that's where they call it the bowl of red where'd this recipe come from?
My dad and my granddad.
Some fresh puréed garlic.
You can't make chili without some cumin.
I likewhere this is going.
I mean, you got allthe right ingredients in here.
are we gonna get any heat?
Oh, there we go. ho ho. crushed red.
measurement style. thank you.
Salt, ground black pepper, a little sugar.
Put the buffer on it. smoothing it out.
keep it on low heat.
so you don't lose all the flavor, stir it often.
Every 15, 20 minutes. yeah.
About two hours into cooking, I like to put
garlic oil that we make, garlic.
And then I'm gonna start putting in some chilies.
get them in this sauté.
Mojo mix, salt, black pepper.
And then we're gonna throw in some wine.
So that's a half a bottle.
Yeah, I use a bottle and a half. okay.
stock. nothing like homemade chicken stock.
These are new mexico chilies.
So I'll put a few extras in there, that's an eclectic mix we have going.
Yeah. okay, how long is this gonna go?
then we're gonna purée it?
to break down those seeds and those skins.
Oh, yeah. that's some blending, brother.
Okay. nice big pork leg. so what's the rundown?
pierce that fat if we want to get and now we're gonna put the chili on, and we're just gonna try to get as much as we can into all these beautiful little holes.
And that's whatit's gonna get roasted in?
we're gonna cover this up now it's getting ready to go to the smoker.
So this bad boy, with that kind of flame, can get hot.
On the top shelf so it gets as much smoke as possible.
After it does half an hour in the smoker, pull it out,then it goes into the oven.
three and a half hours. now it's ready.
isn't that cool?
I just wanted to eat it. !
We're just gonna heat it up with a little pork stock. that's like my gatorade.
And a little bit of the sauce.
what is it served with?
Grilled corn, black beans, papaya salsa and a side of corn tortillas.
really nice. it's got rich flavor.
that pork opens up the longer it sits in that sauce.
It loves the sauce. it does.
Not too spicy. you can still taste the pork.
It's complemented by the peppers.
the corn's got great sweetness.
The salsa's righteous. really good. congrats.
Thanks, man.
a little bit of spice, but it's got some sweetness, too.
really, really nice.
Ribs with hot sauce.
It covers all points from flavor to texture.
It's consistently wonderful. I love the q.
this. thanks.
How do you describe this food to people?
Central european.
that's schnitzel 101.
Lucky me.
I so dig coming to cleveland.
I get to s my cousins and dynamite locations for diners, drive-ins what's even better is when your cousin recommends now, heids, is this place the bomb?
This place is the bomb, guy.
Wait till you try their paprika. it is unbelievable.
Ladies and gentlemen, they call it sterle's.
CHICKEN PAPRIKASH. woman HERE WE'VE GOT The chicken.
It is awesome.
And when cousin heidi talks, I gotta pay attention.
veal goulash.
This food to people? central european.
It's very authentic. wiener schnitzel.
german.
Oh, it is german. ja. it is german.
And germany is where margot glinski
dig in!
and I was picking up the beer bottles, and I always liked that. did you guys share?
enjoy it.
And 22 years later, she jumped at the chance to run this local LANDMARK. woman THIS IS REALLY GOOD.
Margot WE TOOK THE STAFF ALONG, And they cooked the same way for the last 40 years.
Ja. ja.
Paprikash.
Okay, this is the chicken for chicken paprikash.
what does paprikash mean?
Spicy gravy.
Not hot, hot, but, you know, with a little bit of kick.
some garlic powder.
then you toss it up.
and then we're gonna cook it?
cooking itis more the general term.
Okay. okay.
WE'LL DO IT YOUR WAY. giggles You put some fresh onions on the sheet, and then your chicken down.
And in the oven it goes. for 45 minutes.
Now we're making dumplings.
instant mashed potatoes?
You can do with mashed, but, you know, mashed are not consistent.
Some potatoes have too much water.
Then the dumplings come out funny.
and salt.
you want me to whisk, or you got it?
That would be nice.
We put some sour cream. we've got some eggs.
that's just about the way it is, yeah.
Now we dump some flour here, dump it out.
this is pretty close.
so let me see.
Yeah, nice and thin. cut it up.
And then you just give 'em a little rolly-roll?
Oh, yeah.
We salt the water and then throw all and then when they float, they're ready?
Yeah.
We get 'em out of there, put 'em in the pan.
Sweet butter. so it's an unsalted butter?
Yes. breadcrumbs.
how does it look?
It looks great. we shove that in the oven.
now we're gonna make the paprikash gravy.
we are putting in your lard, of course, tomato paste.
let that hang out just a little bit.
Then we've got spanish paprika, put in water, add the chicken base, some garlic, seasoned salt, beef base, we've got bay leaf.
Now comes the my-ron. the what?
Well, I always screw that up marjoram or whatever.
Well, I know what I'm doing.
pepper.
And to give it a little heat, crushed red pepper.
Well, we'll let it cook for maybe about an hour.
We're gonna thicken it upwith some flour with some water.
we let it cook and strain it.
Strain itafter we thicken it?
Yes, because you want a nice clear sauce.
Then the chicken comes out and goes into the sauce, okay?
It looks good. it is good.
Give you some dumplings.
This a normal portion, or do you just think I'm hungry?
Our portions are on the big side.
Now, of course,you want some gravy.
So that's it? that's the famous chicken paprikash?
[whistles] that is great.
sauce is really flavorful.
The most unique part about it the sour cream.
It has a little bit of a tang to it.
You could get used to it. get used to it?
I might be moving in, girl.
woman PAPRIKASH. IT'S REALLY, REALLY GOOD.
the dumplings are very good.
It reminds me of my grandma's paprikash. really?
[speaking indistinctly] IT'S VERY ETHNIC.
You're in the old country.
of course. every saturday.
polka music playing WHEN YOU'RE DONE EATING, You've got to dance, you know?
It's just so fun and festive.
That's why we keep coming back.
woman WE JUST HAVE A WONDERFUL TIME And a wonderful dinner.
Here we go. everything is good.
And made the same way for 40 years.
Stuffed cabbage fitz's veal goulash, it's delicious.
man MELTS IN YOUR MOUTH. WOW.
wiener schnitzel.
Just a breaded veal cutlet. it's excellent.
you take your schnitzel, and you beat it up. okay.
You put a little bit of salt, then we pepper, turn it over.
Beat it some more.
Do you want to try? no, I'm good.
Then you drench it in the flour, nice and good, okay?
Put it in the egg wash.
we're gonna fry 'em. yeah, fry 'em.
That is the most unconventional frying pan I have listen, we are saying we are modern.
We're just good cooks.
Put the schnitzel in. this is vegetable oil.
Vegetable oil. way to get healthy on me.
This is ready for you to eat.
Put some lemon on.
So squeeze the lemon? squeeze the lemon.
T pieces come with an order? yeah.
Well? I mean, the veal is nice, lightly seasoned.
The lemon is definitely the way you have to go with it.
And the breading is holding on real nice.
That's schnitzel 101.
Lucky me.
Wiener schnitzel. it's tasty, tender.
It's crispy onthe outside excellent.
Here comes your food. good, wholesome food.
playing polka music BETWEEN DANCING AND Eating, you've got to have a good time here.
That'swundervoll. the best.
hands-down, this is no question. hands-down.
This is the go-to? this is the go-to place.
Used to talk with my mouth full.
Once.
I can't
The portions are humongous. piled high.
Oh, look we can feed a small country with one bite.
so here we are north tonawanda, new york, right outside of niagara falls, to visit a pizza joint that was opened in 1972.
Now these cats, well, they're scratch-making their pizza dough and their sauces.
They're making just about everything from scratch.
And one of the things they're making that's really unique is a western new york specialty.
Most places call it a beef on weck sandwich, this is a beef on weck pizza.
Here we are at the junction, pizza junction.
man LARGE BEEF ON WECK. BEEF ON WECK PIZZA.
You feel like you're eating a sandwich, but it's a pizza.
This sandwich roast beef on a salt and kimmelweck roll turned into a pizza. it's excellent.
all right.
Cranked out by general manager ryan fleckenstein, WHO GREW UP IN THIS JOINT woman GO FOR It.
And jumped in to help his parents four years ago.
it's outrageously good.
you take some beef base and add some garlic.
Just minced garlic. it's a real simple rub.
You want to mix it up, geta nice little paste like that.
Rub it on there. top round.
Yep. just add some water, fill it about halfway.
Plastic-wrap it then tin foil. and tin foil.
Yep. so you completely lock in all the moisture.
you'll take this to what temperature?
Internal 120. so you get a nice medium rare.
Let steam kiss. yep.
Smells great. let it cool, slice it thin.
We're good to go.
What's the sauce we're putting for the pizza?
WE USE A HORSERADISH SAUCE FOR IT. [sighs] With a little creamed horseradish?
Oh, yeah. oh.
You have a little butter.
So we're making a roux butter and flour.
it's good ol' milk. throw in the whole gallon.
Soon as it tightens up, throw the caraway seed in.
or the weck. kosher salt.
And some horseradish. whoa! all of it? yep.
Just give me a soup bowl of that and a crouton.
So that's ready to go. now we throw a skin.
Flour, yeast, salt AND SUGAR, WATER,VEGETABLE SHORTENING. [whistles] All right, now we cut it,weigh it and roll it out, cover it, put it in a cooler for a 2-day rise.
That's a lot of dough, man. oh, yeah.
1 pound, 15 ounces.
Almost 2 pounds of dough.
Can't believe that you've done this 90 or 65 times. just today.
So you roll it through so it doesn't bubble up when it cooks 'cause you don't want it pushing all the toppings off. exactly.
And there's our horseradish, caraway seed.
It's like an alfredo that we did there with the milk.
Now the most important part the beef.
Nice slow, moist-cooked that's a lot of beef.
Go with some tomatoes, keep that beef nice and moist.
jack and cheddar shred. yep.
And for the finishing touch, just a little butterand some salt and caraway.
Doing it in the true weck style. yep.
it goes in for about 12 to 15 minutes.
At 500 degrees? yep.
There we go. yep.
Now we gotta deck it. deck it?
oh, I like this idea.
See? nicely browned up now.
Gotta have that crust.
I was too worried it was gonnabe soggy underneath that thing.
NOW FOR THE CUT. [whistles] MM-HMM, IT'S Great.
It's, like, the cheesiest beef on weck I've ever had but with the crunchiest roll, bun thing I've never enjoyed.
The horseradish sauce is nice and creamy.
This is really nice. good job. thanks.
Excellent. you can taste the caraway seeds.
and you can taste the salt.
Ryan PIZZA GOING IN. THE PIZZA'S ALWAYS Good.
Loaded sicilian. the portionsare humongous.
Now I will say you put about 700 pounds more topping on it than one should.
Oh, look we can feed a small country with one bite.
pizza's coming out.
Pizzas here have been huge forever okay.
anything else?
man PEPPERONI IN THE WINDOW. SERVING ALL Kinds of pies.
this stands out from everybody else.
I need more sauerkraut.
Is a more recent development, , that's good.
And get this it's the only place around here that has a pulled pork pizza.
With scratch-made barbecue sauce.
all right, take a big
Worcestershire sauce. white vinegar.
A little honey? exactly.
Hot sauce. gotta have that in buffalo.
RECONSTITUTED ORANGE. snorts 'Cause you s that every day.
okay, so you mix that all together, POUR IT OVER THE TOP OF THE PORK BUTT. [whistles] Plastic wrap. that is a tub of pork.
long-cooking pork 6 hours, 300.
We're not doing traditional style.
We're just doing it kinda pizza joint makes pulled pork style. yeah.
[whistles] STRAINED OUT ALL THE CHUNKS AND The fat.
And then your barbecue sauce that we cooked the pork in.
And then your bus-driving method.
yeah, it's not your first rodeo.
this is ridiculous.
You're not denying it? no, not at all.
Top it off with the cheese. mozzarella.
How longwill that go down for? 10, 12 minutes.
just to get that little extra crunch on there.
Good technique. exactly.
Nice crunch to the crust with some tender pork.
right amount of sauce to pork ratio.
done pizza'd it.
man PULLED PORK. TASTES JUST LIKE A PULLED Pork sandwich.
the sauce is really sweet and barbecue-y.
Ryan PIZZA GOING IN. IF YOU'RE LOOKING For a good pizza, a buffalo pizza joint.
Doing all the buffalo favorites it's so good.
stuffed banana peppers, buddy.
It's a western new york staple, yeah.
i can't keep 'em in stock.
Seriously? seriously.
pizza junction's been
serving up local favorites like that western new york sandwich
Buffalo wings and another buffalo classic stuffed banana peppers. everybody's got 'em.
I like the attitude.
Cap 'em and core 'em.
The stems and the seeds don't go very far down. exactly.
Take a looky-loo at that, okay?
okay, now oil 'em up and hit 'em in the oven for a precook? exactly.
350 About 10, 12.
It makes 'em a little more pliable.
We start stuffing 'em. with our homemade stuffing.
Start off with our butter, some garlic for you, minced white onions, some banana peppers.
We take the ones that are small that we wouldn't stuff, anyway, you gotta do something with 'em.
Some kosher salt, black pepper, hot sauce.
cayenne pepper with some more hot sauce to it.
Jalapeño jack cheese? yep. romano cheese.
Ooh, ooh. not one two.
Really? two. got some italian seasoned breadcrumbs.
Wow, man. good old italian specialty here.
Should we taste that? very good. I will.
why do we even haveto stuff that in anything?
a 12-pack? sounds good to me.
So we're just gonnalet this cool down enough that we can touch it? yeah.
Peppers are coming out of the oven.
Ey cool down just so we can touch them.
Let's s it. stuff, stuff, stuff. wow.
Gotta make sureit gets all the way down.
Yes, you do. everybody loves these peppers.
I can't keep 'em in stock.
Seriously? seriously.
As fast ast you can make 'em, people order 'em. yeah.
So you take these, pop 'em in the oven, 350 degrees.
Five to seven minutes. five to seven.
All right, now theseare done, of course.
WELL, AT LEAST THOSE WON'T BE HOT. [whistles] Parm. some tomato for you.
You know, we do a lot of tasting here on I don't very often s the chef make his own.
really nice job.
great stuffing inside, man.
Not too cheesy.
Yeah, there is a little bit of heat coming in the back now.
Nice job, buddy. thanks.
It's got a real nice kick to it. the stuft.
I love it. it's very spicy.
man BURGERS UP. THE FOOD IS OUTSTANDING.
if you're looking for a good pizza, I wish I could eat here every day.
woman IT'S REALLY GOOD. EVERY TIME I'M In buffalo, I come to pizza junction.
One of the things I like about coming to the buffalo area is all the giving and allthe nice things that people do, so I just i mean, I really want to thank you guys.
This has really been it's been awesome.
Thank you. enjoy.
So that's it for this trip, but don't worry, there's plenty more places to find all over the country.
I'll be looking for you next time do you want a bite? are you sharing?
Huh? it was kind of a little bite, yeah.
[laughing] hysterically Hey, everybody, I'm fieri, and we're rolling ou looking for america's greatest diners, drive-ins and dives.
THIS TRIP. THIS SHOULD BE
This is i'm not gonna tell you what it is.
Oh, I know what that is. I know.
Call me later,i'll tell you. it's our secret.
Okay, my hands clean, 'cause I sterilize them, like whoa, whoa, whoa, are you goin' I'm gonna go in it like that.
There's a way that you could just mix all of it in the container and then now how long just maybe an houror less.
Okay, so now we dredge it in a little bit of the flour.
That has some of the same ingredients in there.
Yes. and that's our chicken.
We're gonna take it and fry it.
yes, it is pretty and crispy.
Look how steaming-hot that is.
good crunch.
It's not overly spicy.
Pick up a little bit of the, um, allspice and a little bit of the buttermilk richness.
Yep, you can telli didn't like it.
That's good chicken.
Now how does this fried chicken stack up?
Well, you know, there's some stiff competition, well, I don't hear any complaints.
About the chicken or the other southern classics done suhair's way, like her lighter take on cornbread corn
Well, they're just fantastic. cornmeal?
in the same ancient pans every day.
Suhair TA-DA
Great texture. great crunch.
Little sweetness. little bit of salt.
I love this.
Now the corn sticks are always available, but a lot of the menu's different each day of the week.
if there'ssomething
You deal with it. you come in on tuesday.
Or monday, if you want salmon croquettes.
Chicken pan pie is on the friday menu.
It has a little bit of everything in it.
tuesday's menu includes suhair's version of a southern classic called hoppin' john.
black-eyed peas, right.
And turnip greens and ham hock.
But I don't like that, so I said beans from the mid-east.
And the number one legume is the lentil, so what we're gonna do onions. celery.
we have all types of bell peppers, 'cause it's good for you and it's colorful.
And then we're gonna put some spices.
Coriander. onion.
Garlic little bit.
This is one of my secret ingredients.
Can I smell?
You know what it is!
Worcestershire sauce. bay leaves. hot sauce.
Extra virgin olive oil. beef stock.
So I'm gonna put all this like that.
every all right.
Ohh! okay, we're gonna add spinach.
And then we're gonna fry chopped onions.
Now are we cooking them translucent?
no, we like it a little browner.
Caramelized. caramelized.
Gonna squeeze the the lime.
And we put little bit in here.
Now the roux can go in? yes.
And you make that roux yourself? yes, sir.
The little garlic. just a little bit.
Not much, okay?
You'll even notice there's garlic in there I like to put atthe last minute.
It tastes better. i bring rice pilaf.
Suhair THIS IS YOUR CHANCE TO TASTE IT. THAT'S Outstanding.
You're very kind. outstanding.
Thank you, darling. i can't stop eatin' it.
The lentils are cooked perfectly.
My mom's jumping upand down right now.
That has more greens right there I'm not kiddin' ya.
That might be up there with some of the best things I've ever had.
I appreciate it.
It's a little bit spicy. it's really good.
woman IT'S BETTER THAN HOPPIN' JOHN.
And I'm gonna get my southern card taken away from me.
No, she won't. order up.
'Cause with all of suhair's middle eastern spin, she's still runnin' a classic southern tea room for a southern crowd that knows when it's right.
woman SHE'S COOKING SOUTHERN FOOD Better than most southerners that I know.
her southern hospitality is why we keep comin' back.
It's like comin' to s your family members it's been absolutely awesome.
I have a party every day, give me five.
I'd love to. just kidding.
One of the things I love about triple-d is finding the kind of places that belong to the whole town.
You know, the kind of joints that feel like they've been there forever.
In topeka, kansas, that means a trip to bobo's drive-in.
man CAR NUMBER SIX.
Here you go, sir.
We came here as teenagers, and we come back now.
man UH, two CHEESEBURGERS AND AN ONION Ring.
reminds me of when I was a kid.
Hi!this was a big hangout.
they haven't changed the menu at all.
From double cheeseburgers to coney dogs to fresh-cut rings made every day.
one strawberry shake, please, for here.
the chocolate malts are to die for.
And check this out at a drive-in.
woman BOBO'S HOT APPLE PIE WITH ICE CREAM. THANK You very much.
Thank you. you're welcome. really good.
this is what drive-ins always were.
Like back in 1953 when bob bobo started serving his aunt and mom's original recipe.
Want a refill? bought the place a year ago.
my best friend's a commercial realtor.
He contacted us and said, how did he talk you into this idea?
I talked. really?
despite a total lack of experience in the food biz it's just a dream come true for us.
You see, they do have the old bobo recipes.
and the staff that's been the heart of this place for years. started working here in '68.
15 Years I've been makin' this.
I've worked for bobo's for 34 years.
we come back for 30 years.
So you know how it'ssupposed to be done.
Oh, yeah.
There's two patties for a double burger.
Betty ramsey, who moved here from england, has been making these all-american burgers since '75.
equal pressure so it goes down flat.
But that's that's nice and thin.
So they cook up quick? ahh, there we go.
So a little salt and pepper? uh-huh.
And then we put on a couple of buns.
Oh-ho, and that's the you have to go around.
The way to do it? yep.
Let me see those forearms.
I bet you we could arm wrestle for some oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah. that's a good workout.
Is it supposed to go on with the paper?
Yeah.
I've not often thrown my oh, that makes it come off nice.
There's your double cheese.
Is there a special wrap? yeah.
Okay. go around like that.
Over, over, twist and flip.
That's to say it's a cheeseburger and that says it's a double.
That's good cheeseburger.
You know what I like is the crust on it.
The crust this is number one item that people order? by far, yeah.
best hamburger in town.
TO DIE FOR. woman THEY'RE REAL CHEESEBURGERS, they're just really crispy.
THEY MELT IN YOUR MOUTH. Richard ROUGHLY 75 Pounds of onions a day. holy onion rings, batman!
We're gonna start with some whole milk.
They're just gonna take a bath in the milk here.
Dump 'em in the flour.
This is what separates the real onion ring maker from just the amateur, whichis how you sift these babies.
This is how you do it. now you go over there.
And that's to get the excess flour off? exactly.
make sure everybody's wet.
And then over into the cracker meal.
Oh, look at that. not too much batter.
but no seasoning on 'em?
It's just wholesome onion and cracker and milk and flour.
well, yeah, and they dust 'em with salt when they come out of the fryer.
gotta get the salt on 'em when that grease is hot.
Little bit of salt. gotta likethe onion rings.
Nice and crunchy.
Richard ONE RING. HAND-DELIVERED.
You ever forget that the tray is on this and roll down the window or hit the automatic window and things start goin'? it's a tradition.
now the chili whose recipe is this?
This is mr. bobo's mom and aunt.
put down a bowl or six of these.
That must be insane on a chili dog. oh, yeah.
That is great.
and they've been making this one we start with ketchup.
We're actually gonna do threeof 'em.
Minced onions, sugar, white distilled vinegar.
The hot our secret spice.
I got a little paprika, little cayenne, little some seed in there.
our ever-important now anything else go in this?
Spice ball. cloves? no.
Star anise is going are you sure they weren't messin' with you?
As far as I know.
We're gonna tie it up with a little twine.
see, I knew you were gonna throw it.
Onto the stove, and it goes down, and it cooks for 45 minutes. right.
I'm gonna have a spanish burger made by a
That's right. in kansas.
it's kind of like the u.n. of food.
Yes. this is tasty the spanish sauce.
You know what it kind of reminds me of?
A sloppy joe without it being all ground up.
they bring in all those new places, this is the real deal.
But this is the real surprise.
I need a piece of pie. oh, I gotta try pie.
Absolutely. oh, yes.
At a drive-in?
Homemade apple pie everyone's falling for.
Go!
woman GO, GO, GO! GO, GO, GO!
When we turn lobster into irresistible creations.
Like new wood-grilled lobsterand parmesan
And eleven more choices.
Right now at red lobster.
In topeka, kansas, the bobo drive-in is a
We used to come down here to eat all the time when I was a kid. four generations.
WE HAVE FOUR GENERATIONS OF BOBO EATERS?
Since '53.
One strawberry shake, please, for here.
And home-makin' something you just don't s at most drive-ins.
The apple pie is to die for.
'Cause nobody's makin' it like jo mendoza.
Miss j, what is this?
This is the apple peeler.
From what century? okay, press your button.
Make sure all my clothing's not attached to it.
Ah-ha! look at that one. it's a pretty one.
so now we make the pie dough.
So 6 pounds of flour? yep.
Some salt, some shortening, and some cold water.
Yes. found your recipe card.
You have to really work with the shortening.
all the water 15 years, 50 per day.
50 Pies a day. yes.
15 Years, 5 days in a week.
You've made 195,000 pies? yep.
That's crazy.
Oh, that's lookin' good. here we go.
Knock all the crust off. my apples are ready.
3/4 Of a cup of sugar. what else is in there?
is there nutmeg in there?
Little salt? yes, I think.
Oh, look at that. how long does that bake?
Minutes at 350.
OH, YOU'RE GONNA HAVE SOME WITH ME? Tricia Absolutely.
that's good pie.
That is some flaky crust. fresh apples.
just like homemade apple pie.
I won once.
Really? should we do another one right now?
you'd beat her in a pie-eating contest?
Oh, it is on.
Ladies and gentlemen, trish the owner against her challenger, the wizard of the midwest!
lisa! Go!
Wow, she's takin' big bites over here.
What happ oh, took the ice cream down.
I'm feeling teeth hitting the counter through the pie pan.
Lisa's laughin', and trish is all business.
This is vicious!
cheering Everybody's a winner at bobo's.
So that's all for this trip, but we're headed for some more great joints.
I'll see you next time on diners, drive-ins sign that right there.
Could see that hangin' from the car.
hi, I'm Guy Fieri, and we're rolling out, looking for america's greatest diners, drive-ins and dives.
The food has never changed. legacy.
your mom her mother.
barbecue meat loaf.
UPSCALE VERSION OF THE OLD CLASSIC. THE '50s
Blueberry pancakes! reborn.
with scratch
Italian sausage! gone wild.
Wow. you make your own ham? make our own ham.
Pepperoni. it's the best pizza in town.
okay, ready for the oven.
DOIN' OLD-TIME ITALIAN. Italian accent PIZZA. YOU Gotta have the pie.
Piz-za. for more than half a century.
oh, jeez, stop.
yeah, I got a fisherman's stew here.
this food has been cooked with love.
New england boiled dinner.
Still in the same family after 98 years.
good old school.
That's all right here, right now,
So here I am, buffalo, new york, uh, about 5 miles northeast of lake erie, at a joint that was once a diner and then changed into a chinese restaurant, well, then transplanted from pennsylvania and then turned back into a diner.
that's not even the amazing part.
These guys, they're curing their own ham, they're corning their own beef, and they're smoking their own bacon.
the real deal. red eye gravy going down.
barbecue meat loaf.
blueberry pancakes!
are there a lot of diners in buffalo?
Uh, not too many. no, not too many.
NOT LIKE THIS. A '50s LEGACY
and his wife erin brought back to life.
we went looking for the diner car, and we were able to resurrect it and put it back into service again.
ready to rock 'n' roll.
oh, it's so good.
so a boneless pork leg, and you'regonna make your own gonna make our own ham.
I don't think on triple d yetwe've seen anybody make a ham.
This is this is old-school curing.
We'll start with our brine, okay.
About a gallon of water, some dried cloves here, dry mustard.
Lots of dry mustard, light brown sugar, made right here in buffalo, new york.
attaboy.
offers nice color.
bring thatto a little simmer?
Yes, we're gonna get that into a rumbling boil.
Then we'll cut our ham in half, pour that cooled brine on top, and that's a 12-, 14-day process.
for about threehours.
We'll also slow-smoke the bones that we'll use in the stock for our red-eye gravy.
Smoke those over mesquite charcoal, and we also burn apple and hickory woods.
sugars are starting to caramelize up on 'em.
just takea little looky lou at that.
it's got that real maple don't talkin the middle of it, just ohh, and this is all fora breakfast item on a menu?
Correct. a breakfast item.
One item. one item.
So now we take 'em,pop 'em in the oven, bringing up to about 145,finish the cooking process, TAKE 'EM OUT. WE GOT OUR BONES. THEY'RE All smoked off.
I've got the fatnicely out of 'em.
And now I'm gonna dumpthe pan juices in there.
A little mirepoix.
Carrots, celery and onion. dig it.
we are gonna be straining this.
some kosher salt, frank's hot sauce.
Wow. this is the secret to good wings.
It's also the secretto good red-eye gravy.
Brindle of fresh thyme,add some coff to it.
for about threehours.
Strain it, and then it'll be ready to serve with the ham. correct.
Got our ham right here. slice 'em up.
Get that going on the flattop with eggs and home fries.
a little bitof our red-eye gravy here.
Let me get these eggs,some of our home fries, a little more red-eye gravy.
I kinda hoped you were gonna say that.
there's this veryflavorful, tender ham for sure.
Ohh. I'd like a sideof ham with some ham.
Being raisedeating red-eye gravy, I've seen a lotof different variations.
I do think I would like to havea cup of red-eye gravy to chug.
awesome, brother. nice job. order up.
Ham red-eye gravy! very good, very moist.
Everything is really fresh, really homemade.
Absolutely.
our customers deserve the best.
If we have the ability to provide that quality food, favorites like stuffed
Ohh. and this one.
you a big haddock fan?
I am. this is tly the way I like it.
The top of it has like a bruschetta.
we're gonna make some balsamic vinaigrette, which we're gonna add to our bruschetta.
all right, let's get started. what do we got?
We're gonna take some fresh thyme, put that in there, rosemary, a little dijon mustard, balsamic vinegar.
We're gonna dump the rest of that balsamic vinegar in there.
Slowly drizzle in our olive oil, vegetable oil. because you can cut it.
It doesn'thave to be all yeah, you don't want too much olive.
It's too pungent. a little pepper.
it's like making an italian milkshake for a salad.
Wow, look at how much that tightened up?
And that was just a little bit of mustard that did that.
Pretty tasty. i'll take that any day.
And then we'll start doing some bruschetta, ALL RIGHT? DIG IT. [whistles] We're gonna use the tomato king on the tomatoes to core these out. well, you just do that.
you want to stick it? here, puttwoof 'em.
But go slow wit, nice and steady.
You don't want to just push it through too quickly, 'cause you'll end up with french fries.
It's nice, huh? look at what I made.
You did a nice job.
You might be able to find some work work for yourself. well, you know.
We'll take some fresh basil, some onion, chopped garlic, little balsamic, a little salt and pepper to taste.
Have all their albums.
italian haddock. yes.
the freezer.
the reason why is for one, it's easier to shuck.
T it saves all the saltwater, okay, okay.
Just take it and take your knife.
[whistles] GET THE CLAM OUT All the saltwater stays right with it.
Slamma-jamma,that's a big clam.
so we're gonna take all of these out, and then we're making menorcan chowder after we run itthrough the buffalo chopper.
Exactly.
They're still a little partially frozen, they'll just cut into nice pieces. yep.
chopped clams.
A mess of 'em. I'm outta here.
Fresh tomatoes. told you it was gonna splatter.
So we're making manhattan clam chowder.
Basically a little bit different.
you got it.
a little lemon juice a little worcestershire. clam base. wow.
Water. now how long will this la?
Uh, about a day, maybe two. really?
precooked bacon with a little bit of its fat.
Yep, leave the juice. and then we stir it.
Okay.
let it all kind of come for 90 minutes, then we add onions,celery, bell pepper.
Celery and bell pepper? yes.
I'm over here in the, uh, splash-fr zone.
Add potatoes look out for the splash, son.
There you go.
and let that go until it heats back up.
what about salt and pepper and all that kind of stuff?
No need. not necessary?
this is gonna be interesting.
There you go. looks like manhattan chowder.
reminds me a little bit more of the seafood cioppinothan it does manhattan chowder a little spice, a little acid there from the lemon juice.
Clam flavor, you got a good bacon flavor.
no wonder you go through so much.
I can very easily put a bowl of this down a day.
Seriously, I'm gonna polish this thing.
And menorcan clam chowder.
the clams are good, AND IT'S LOADED WITH OTHER GOODIES. woman It's got a lot of flavor in it.
Big flavor,but it's light. yeah.
I love the fact that there are actually chunks of clams.
You can s the seafood in it. it's so good.
You can always count on it being just what you want.
It's just good food. and clams for everyone.
A nice place to come and relax after work.
singleton's is really special to us.
Hush puppies. all right.
I just love it here. I really do.
What would your pops think of all this going on? he'd love it.
he's gotta be smiling down at this.
Definitely,definitely, yeah. that's awesome.
the food is amazing.
carbonara on six, please!
Killer linguine. the pasta is phenomenal.
So here we are in southern california at one of my favorite beaches manhattan beach.
This place is full of character.
And speaking of characters, we're at a joint were a dude bought a one-way ticket to italy to follow his culinary passion.
Then he came home and started cooking up the real-deal food here at the beach. this is north end caffe.
Carbonara on six, please! the food is amazing.
throw outthe pasta.
I got a fuego on 25.
ALL THE SANDWICHES ARE JUST AMAZING. womanIT'S Delicious.
'cause john atkinson's been at it for more than 25 years.
but 8 years ago, I quit the restaurant business for a while, jump on a plane to rome, a one-way ticket. no.
and that's how it started?
when he came back, he opened his own joint everything is fresh. they do it right.
woman THE LINGUINE CARBONARA. IT'S DELICIOUS.
And homemade all the way.
Okay, pasta time. all right.
We're gonna start with a couple cups of flour.
Add some beaten egg, a little bit of salt to that egg, and we're just gonna mix it up.
The thing about makingfresh stuff there's a certain elasticity to it when you bite into it. a true pasta.
now it's gettingsome plastic wrap.
Let it rest up. take about a half an hour.
okay, so we unwrap it.
Just kind of make it into a snake.
and feed it.
it back over. layeringyourself, okay.
All right? and I'm gonna kick it up to two.
You gotta kindaslowly go through it ture. i-i take it all the way up to five.
It's getting to about linguine length.
Square it off? you gotta square it off.
gonna go to the cutting side.
Just feed it right down into your hand.
Dig it. now we're cutting the pancetta.
Wow, talk about great flavor, good salt to it. good salt.
dig it. all right.
We're making the saucefor the linguine carbonara.
John WE'RE GONNA START WITH A LITTLE BIT okay.
Some pancetta we're gonna sear this up nice and crisp.
there you go.
A little bit of cream we're ready for the pasta.
so that'll come up quick, about 30, 40 seconds.
Going directly into the sauce.
We're gonna add black pepper, give it a nice little toss.
Now we're doinga little egg white.
Off the heat real fast.
Hit it with some pecorino-romano
Oh, yeah.
And that's a roman cheese.
Now to finish it,drop the sun right on top.
gaspsS GONNA EAT IT WITH THE EGG.
This is what makes the sauce.
Carbonara egg yolk is what it's all about.
the pasta is phenomenal.
pancetta's got nice crisp to it, nice and salty.
But the kicker to the whole thing fresh cracked pepper.
And then the only way to do it is with the pecorino-romano.
Nice job. thanks, dude.
I love the texture of the pasta.
This is, uh, a cheese explosion right here.
VEAL PICCATA IS READY!
John has a way of just combining the perfect ingredients.
you keep it real it's the only way.
so let's talk aboutthe mario influence.
that'd be mario batali.
Probably the greatest italian chef he united states. you got it, man.
Have you ever met him? i have not.
Well, let's do something. all right.
I'M GONNA CALL SOMEBODY. phone ringing Mario Hello? MR. BATALI.
Guy, how are you? I'M FANTASTIC.
You gotta come s this joint.
This guy's got nothing preprocessed.
He sounds like my kind of guy,my kind of place to go hang out the next time I'm on the west coast.
that's unbelievable, mario.
and john's bringing his culinary passion southern-style pork ribs! come and get 'em!
like his take on fusion.
It's a monte cristo egg roll with kalua pork.
we are doing the kalua pig monte cristo egg rolls.
Looks like you're putting in some banana leaf. yeah. now we got a pork butt.
Now we got one of my secret ingredients.
This is a smoked salt from my buddy's little mine your buddy has alittle mime, huh?
Rub this down with salt. okay.
Wrap it up tight in quite a bit of banana leaf.
We're gonna add a little bit of water.
So we don't burnon the bottom of that pan.
So we don't burn on the bottom.
In the oven? into the oven 220, 12 hours.
we are now making the wasabi mojo for the kalua pig.
We've got some mayonnaise, a little bit of garlic, a little teriyaki, wasabi powder, a little bit of honey, sesame oil, a little fresh ginger. okay.
Give it a stir. let it set up.
Let some of that wasabiwork it's way through the mayo.
now we're pulling out the kalua pig.
wow, look at how muchmoisture is left in there.
You know,i don't often do this, but I'm just gonna sample some of this.
what do you think?
Mega-super-out of bounds-supercalifragilistic tender.
That's right. let's proceed.
so now I'm gonna start just breaking it up.
A little bit of this cooking liquid.
and we're gonna assemble the egg roll.
Start with a piece of swiss cheese, a slice of black forest ham, a little bit of our kalua pig. i like it.
A little bit of scallion. this is our teriyaki. okay.
just a little bit of egg wash to seal it. corner to corner, wrap it over.
And then tuckthose ends in. yeah, nice, dude.
Oh, yeah, you'retalking to a dude we got our wasabi mojo and our teriyaki sauce.
There you go. get down.
take a look at that.
The kalua pig just really rocks and rolls.
Green onion,the ham, cheese, wasabi mojo.
that's like bank.
I mean, there's money,and then there's bank.
Kalua pork egg roll.
The sauce complements the pork melts in your mouth, delicious.
and you are having the fuego burger.
Breakfast, lunch, dinner whatever it takes.
Breakfast, lunch and dinner.
I got frieson this, please!
You totally commit yourself, and that's that's why I had to call him.
yeah, man.
lemonade pork chops!
mm-hmm, that's flavor city right there. to go all-in.
1@ so here I am reno, nevada, to check out a joint that's been open since 1956.
And get this these folks have only closed the door for one day in all that time.
They have been rockin' and rollin' old-school style 24-7 for over 54 years or 473,000 hours.
This is gold 'n silver inn.
MEAT LOAF, EXTRA GRAVY! man BEST GRAVY In town.
I likethe bread pudding. made out of donuts.
this is it.
I FEEL LIKE IT COULD BE IN THE MID '70s. HELLO.
servin' slots on one
cooked up by
who's crankin' out all
sandwich and a chicken fried steak on table ten. and a few recipes of his own.
One order of lemonade pork chops, please!
Just a gold 'n silver favorite.
We're gonna make the lemonade lemon and pork I dig it.
yeah, startwith whole lemons, the rinds, the s now we add in what?
we process 'em up, then strain the pulp and the juice out I've never seen lemonade made like that.
WOULD YOU LIKE TO TASTE IT? [whistles] right.
Getting into that that's why that tastes so rich. you get the bam the true flavor.
That's changed my lemonade attitude.
And this is all coming together for what?
Our sauce for ourlemonade pork chops.
We add the ketchup,and we add the brown sugar, 3 nice cups of soy sauce,give it that good salty flavor.
apple cider vinegar, give it that little bit of bite.
That's an interesting concoction, my friend.
Paprika make it nice and red.
Chili powder, granulated garlic, granulated onion powder, where did you first make this recipe up?
I try all my recipes onmy children and my wife first. all right.
and you have thyme fresh then you stir it up.
you're gonna bake in in the sauce.
Okay, let's do some pork chops. okay.
cut our own steaks also everything.
This is whati'm talking about.
Slow down. take a look around.
I've drivenright by this place.
We're adding oil. you can hear it simmer.
And we start flouring one pork chop at a time to season. a fry flour.
okay, so just brown both sides, let that breading hook up.
Exactly. oh, that'swhat I'm having.
Are you ready? do it, brother. hit the sauce.
Right over the top you want to stir it up before and it is going to reduce.
Yes, it is. get it in the oven.
double plastic, double tin foil about I'd say an hour and 45 minutes.
You ready? do it, man.
Smell the aroma. that's nuts, man.
there you go nice and juicy.
Got your fork ready?
Dude, that's flavor city right there. yes.
A little bit of heat, a little bit of vinegar.
You get a little bit of that bite in there.
S how the sauce is cooked all the way down into the chop.
This is the old-school style and probably the way your grandma made 'em, but with a new attitude and some really big flavor. cool.
I have the lemonade pork chops.
The pork chop is to die for.
It's fall-off-the-one tender, porky deliciousness.
Lemonade pork chops!
tri-tip sandwich.
we came here since i WAS, LIKE, THIS BIG. man I'VE ONLY BEEN Coming here for 50 years.
Oh, just 50? just a round number?
ENJOY. both THANK YOU.
This is an institution. it is.
how are you?
how you folks doin'?
And it's really turned into kind of a 3- or 4-generation business now.
That's still crankin' out
Medium-rare!
ground beef pounder.
A 1-pound hamburger smothered in homemade gravy.
A veal gravy. a veal gravy.
Yes. veal bones?
roast 'em off in the oven at 350 degrees for about an hour and a half totwohours.
Look at that.
The flavor is from that marrow.
first you putthe mirepoix in.
Carrots, celery and onions. tomato juice? right.
Then you put the onion powder, garlic powder, a little bitof white pepper, salt. the salt.
is that blond hair I see?
You guys s what's going on right here?
what's yours naturally?
Who knows? I haven't seen it in a while. uh-huh.
Scrape the bone marrow off of the pan.
That's what really makes a good stock gravy.
Dig it.
till we've got about 3 to 4 gallons.
about how longdo we let it simmer?
48 Hours. really?
Yeah. it cooks for two days. wow.
right.
take the caramel color.
Nice blond roux. work it in real good.
for a good 45 minutes to an hour.
And this goes on thatbig 1-pound patty, too?
Goes on the big pounder.
Start it off on the grill to sear the meat.
It keeps in the flavor. 80-20?
about as good as you can do.
Okay, so you put a little mark on it. yep.
Oh, this is looking good. you ready?
Yeah. a 1-poundground beef steak.
Look at that. right on there.
Oh, ho. a little caramelized grilled onion.
Gravy on the patty this is about as old-school this is evenbefore my time.
the gravy's outstanding real flavor.
48 Hours you can taste it.
Little things just like getting it from scratch, having the grilled onions he's doing the food right. I like that.
the gravy's rich and beefy.
Kind of like salisbury steak but more hearty.
GROUND BEEF POUNDER! man JUST FALLS IN Line with everything else.
like this west coast classic.
Tri-tip sandwich with french fries!
DONE WITH A TWIST. KETCHUP, GRAPE Jelly.
Grape jelly.
When we come back. wow.
that's a nice picture.
Thank you.
everything was good?
thanks for comin' in.
Meat loaf,extra gravy!
Are servin' it up old-school, like this western favorite.
Tri-tip sandwich in the window!
With a sauce made from get this grape jelly and pepper and ketchup.
And it all starts with 10 pounds of tri-tip.
that's a great piece of meat. it's real big in california.
what do we got some marinade for our tri-tip sandwich you make your own barbecue sauce.
Yes, we do. what don't they make is the question.
Then the beer, then we put about 2 cups of water.
Thin it out a little bit. cracked peppercorns.
Then I'm gonna stir it up real good.
Get this all together, then you just pour this stuff in. to the top.
Put it in your refrigerator and let it set.
Okay. so where are we at?
Take the tri-tip,start it off on the grill.
both sides, throw 'em in the oven a little bit, okay, now what are we making?
We're making a, uh, homemade sauce I gotta s the grape jelly thing.
First thing we dois add butter, onions.
Then you add thehat fat in the sauce.
We're gonna leave the fat in the sauce so it sticks to your ribs. we add the ketchup.
ketchup, grape jelly.
Yes. that just doesn't look right.
Oh, it's wonderful, dude. liquid smoke.
Grape jellyand liquid smoke.
about 40 minutes. just let it reduce down.
Okay, so we'recooked down here.
You're sure that this isn't playing some game on me.
It reminds meof swedish meatball sauce.
I actually use it at weddings on meatballs.
Yeah. i was at that wedding.
take the tri-tip, we slice it real thin.
Start it on the flat top, then we want to add the onions.
You see where the meat starts caramelizing.
We turn it over.
And then we throw itinto our mahogany sauce.
get it nice and soaking wet.
And we lay it outon the sandwich.
Look at the color on the that's crazy.
take a look at that.
that is a good sandwich.
That mahogany sauce, that's weird, but weird good.
You want to go, oh, it's barbecue sauce.
No, no, no, it's sweet-and-sour sauce no, you don't know what sauce it is.
The tri-tip, by the way, is mega tender.
I like this little thing you do where you come from the from the grill to the flattop, and you did it with the burger, too, it's intense caramelization is what it is.
nice job, man. good job. right on, buddy.
It's very tender. it's very juicy.
Tri-tip sandwich with french fries!
The flavor just explodes in your mouth.
woman IT IS SO GOOD.
Oh, I had one. it's nuts.
lemonade pork chops, and one fish and chips!
This is really old-fashioned, good cooking.
And they've got everything the slot machines over there. 24 hours.
I've seen joints all across the country.
I will definitely tell you you've got one of the unique ones,
That's great. we're happy to be here. thanks.
Nice to meet you, brother.
So that's it for this trip, but don't worry.
There's plenty more places to find all over the country.
I'll be looking for you next time so here I am reno, nevada, to check out a joint THAT'S BEEN OPEN SINCE 1956. chokes [laughter]
This super hot, so he lays it down.
grouper filletstraight into the pan.
HEAR THE SIZZLE? [sizzling] then we finish it in the oven, probably threeminutes.
the mushrooms are done.
daufuskie sauce.
food lube,as I like to call it.
doesn't it seema contradiction of terms?
Okay. worcestershire sauce.
[speaking indistinctly] WORCESTER.
Lemon juice, kosher salt, granulated garlic AND WHITE PEPPER, TABASCO, GOOD SHOT OF THAT. [whistles] Nice.
Whisk it up. and that's all she wrote.
Yes, sir.
Use our caramelized onions and mushrooms on the plate, and our fish is straight out of the oven.
Hit it with our famous daufuskie sauce, a little parsley garnish.
And that's what people love here at blackwater grill. this is oneof the big hits?
This is it. hm. great crunch to the fish.
Cooked perfectly.
The daufuskie sauce it's got some zap to it.
That dry vermouth, kind of likea vodka, but with more flavor.
from the mustard. that's exactly it.
And then you get these onions and mushrooms that parlay into it. yep.
grouper daufuskie.
Cooked just right, and the sauce just kind of wakens your palate up.
Fish is flaky, great seasoning and taste to it.
it's delicious.
just the place to go for any kind of food you want.
t low country boils.
you're a man on a mission right now.
I'm scared if I get a hand too close, I'll miss a digit. be careful.
Check this out.
The corn, the potatoes, the sausage, and then just seasoned broth.
you can get so many different things in one restaurant.
shrimp and grits.
Did their homework.
John BEFORE WE EVEN OPENED THE DOORS
Welcome toblackwater grill.
We asked a bunch of people what they like to s down here. cajun pasta.
cajun fit right in.
From jambalaya to crawfish étoufée
Boudin fritter. it's actually very new orleans.
Cajun sausage rolled and fried.
I make my own sausage here in the restaurant.
chopped onion, celery, chopped green onion, fresh garlic and fresh chopped parsley. okay.
Turns into a paste. scrape that down.
Purée one more time. so super fine.
Yeah, that is a lot of the flavor in your sausage.
And then we can go to the pork, right into the pan.
kosher salt, creole seasoning, chili powder, roasted garlic powder, ground black pepper, granulated garlic.
You're dragging thisthrough the kitchen.
This is a highly seasoned dish.
This is granulated onion, cayenne pepper.
And it would be no cajun cooking without worcestershire sauce. always need that.
Always. our purée from the food processor.
a little tabasco.
we are talking new orleans, of course.
Is that enough? yeah, I'd sayone more hit.
Sounds good. then mix it all up.
Then we get in there and make sure everything isdistributed throughout the meat.
I like the texture of this.
right up? yes, right to the pan.
So when you fry it, you don't have to fry it super long, and you know it's cooked all the way through. right.
Right.
Once this is done, we cool it down. yes, sir.
So it's been cooling for a little while, and we have our cooked rice.
no binder, huh? just the rice is gonna work enough.
That and the fat of the the rice and the fat.
these go great with beer, by the way.
then we dredge 'em in some flour and some then buttermilksets up on the flour.
yep, nothing wrong with that.
4 to 5 minutes.
outside.
onto my little paperand onto the plate.
there they go. cracking into it,it's like a hili ball.
wow. there is so much flavor.
You did a nice jobwith how you fried it.
It's not oily by any means.
The rice wasn't overcooked, so it stays tender.
I think you'd really surprise people with this. here's your fritters.
one order of boudin.
The rice is very fresh,and it's a little tangy to it.
table 12.
All the food is very, very good.
low country boils.
Whatever's on the menu, I know that we're all gonna have a great meal. good energy, nice people.
Pleasure to s ya. you happy?
I am. good deal.
You got it going, man. thank you very much.
this is the yalie.
For piesand paddle.
Do you run into a lot of ping-pong restaurants?
No, this is the first.
On triple d, we've shot at a gas station.
shot at a bowling alley.
I mean, we've even shotin the back of a liquor store.
So just when you might be thinking, ah, they're running out of crazy places to shoot, , to visit a joint that'sserving up ping-pong and pizza.
This is comet ping pong.
Do you run into a lot of ping-pong restaurants?
No, this is the first.
Fun atmosphere, great pizza.
woman YOUR SMOKY'S HERE.
Smoky bacon, smoky mushrooms and a smoked mozzarella.
man ONE SOFTY COMING UP.
that's a first, man.
and it's all cooked up by owner
who's been in the biz since he was 15.
plus I love playing ping-pong.
So, of course, it made sense to put the t
Gourmet-type of pizza in a very laid-back type of place.
Starting with a homemade crust.
Let's get this going.
All right, so we take caputo, italian flour, high gluten, really silky, so a little color,a little texture.
A bunch of salt, dry yeast.
We have a secret ingredient, diagnostic malt powder. really?
It helps with the rise.
It adds a little bit of chew to it.
Water. room temperature?
Yeah. that's it. combine it, threeminutes.
yeah, and then it goes for threemore.
It's done. pull it out.
You're going intoa floured 5-gallon bucket.
We stick this in the walk-in for a little , rises up.
You punch it down twice and then bring it out and portion it. yep.
Look at that.
So you just ballpark it in there. yeah.
Shape it up. let it rest.
they've risen for a while.
Silky dough. we'll roll out.
Nice and stretchy. nice.
Semolina. put it on the pallet.
How's that for a rook? gorgeous.
And they're loading 'em with everything from I like it.
To arugula, even clams on their best-selling yalie.
part of this restaurant was inspired by new haven, connecticut.
Yale. new haven.
So we take our littleneck clams.
awesome sound.
Get it hot. let 'em cook.
Bunch of whole garlic, lemons, then we got fresh thyme, a bunch of olive oil. and just let 'em go.
give it a stir. pour 'em out.
Shuck 'em out for the pizzas. one for me.
don't eat all these clams, man.
oh, those are good.
Here we got the yalie, coming up.
right on the dough.
A little bit of pepper, some of theseslow-cooked onions, garlic oil garlic that's been slicedand cooked down very slowly I just get the clams and good. that's the way it goes.
oh, love this!
just abouttwominutes.
Look how fast it comes up. oh. yalie up.
Look at the crust right on the bottom of that thing.
Add a little lemon.
oh!
everything works.
The dough's on point, the temperature.
You don't even notice there's no cheese, 'cause the caramelized onions are just melting on there.
I can't eat this fast enough.
I will fight you for the rest of that.
This is the yalie. it's great.
THE BEST PIZZA IN D. C. woman YOUR PIE'S Here.
IT'S REALLY FRESH, LOCAL INGREDIENTS. James Spinach.
From local farms. mushroom and onion.
It's as farm to table as you can get it.
Oh, yeah.
We harvest 4,000 pounds of organic tomatoes every year.
Can 'em. and we got one whole year of sauce.
we craft everything.
Even the ricotta.
All you do is take a gallonof milk, a gallon of buttermilk.
Want me to give yousome milk with that?
That'd be good.
We're gonna chugthe buttermilk. go, go, go!
someone's gonna need to clean that up. whoo!
! and the activationof the buttermilk alone is what takes care of that milk.
separating, yeah.
Yeah. the curd and the whey.
what do you say, while
Play some ping-pong? eat some clams.
Ha! no!
Put this cheesecloth in here.
Take this ricotta, let it separate out.
Grab this baby out of this water.
Squeeze it enough to tell the water it's supposed to come out. let it cool?
Just like 15 minutes.
So this pizza's calledthe stanley, named after the sausage maker who helped us make the fennel sausages.
Salt, pepper, sauce, a few kinds of mozzarella, roasted peppers.
This is the fennel sausage made with virginia-raised heirloom pork mixed with fennel and hot pepper.
Then we can seehow our ricotta turned out.
Nice and creamy and light dynamite.
That's it. into the oven.
This should be good. 600 degrees on the deck.
slowly, till it melts out.
That ricotta's nuts, man. wow.
All right, here we go.
Look at that.
Ohh! outstanding.
I don't know what to tell you, man.
All the components ricotta tightened up nice.
It's firm and light.
The roasted pepper sauce is great.
THIS IS ROCK STAR ALL THE WAY. man STANLEY Up.
It's really to die for. it's light.
It's fresh.
2 Pies for 25.
Not your typical cheese and tomato sauce.
stuffed, rolled and roasted fresh
This is crazy!
This is the softy. thank you.
Fans are keeping the tables packed.
You can play ping-pong whileyou're waiting for your pizza.
and owner james alefantis
and his favorite calzone.
Here, I got a philly up. to die for.
It's called a philly 'cause it was based on well, loosely based.
It starts with this a whole butterflied pork loin.
Beautiful. okay. nice white to that.
Season it up salt, pepper, hot peppers 'cause that's philly style
olive oil that's the easy part.
put it back together the way it was.
FOLD IT RIGHT BACK OVER. [whistles] Some salt, pepper, parsley on the outside, olive oil. looks great.
You won't losewith that loin.
Then we're gonna tie this off.
You got it? yeah.
the pizza oven.
Until it gets a nice crust. yep.
It's so hot that it just chars up all the fat.
in the conventional oven.
the meat we do to 160, and when it comes out ofthat oven, the skin is gorgeous.
Nice and caramelized on the top.
I'm sorry. that's not fantastic.
this goes inside of a calzone the philly.
The philly-me-up. yep.
Let's do it. let's do it up.
Salt, tiny bit of pepper.
Then a nice base. I love this garlic oil.
Roasted pieces of pork lay them outinside of your calzone.
We do broccoli rabe sauté it up garlic, salt, lemon zest.
Stick those in there.
Then take some slicesof provolone cheese.
That's all she wrote? that's it.
So you take that guy,wrap it up like this, a little hole
create a dome, become dry and crack off.
Not good. stick it in the oven.
it takes about five minutes.
READY? LOOKS GOOD. [whistles] some sauce if you want.
Out of bounds, man. the roast pork is crazy.
The wood-fired pizza oven dough that's out of bounds.
Pick your own tomatoes, and can 'em fresh and sweet.
quality real ingredients.
This is how it's supposed to be done.
If you live north of the equator, I mean, there's just no excuse.
Anybody south, you have an extra day.
This is the philly. very smoky flavors.
It's just delicious.
man COMING AROUND. THE FOOD IS EXCELLENT.
calzone, pizza, you name it.
This is some of the best pizza I've ever had in my life.
awesome job. thank you.
What a great road trip.
But don't worry, we got plenty more places to check out.
I'll be looking for you next time culinary napalm, all right?
You get this on you, and you are not gonna forget where it went.
You could wax with this.
[laughter] Hi everybody, I'm fieri,we're rolling out here in hawaii for a special edition of diners, drive-ins,
Hey!
Wow, you look great! Thanks!
It's this new wish yourself thin program I just wish it and it happens.
It's probably thoseFiber One bars you're eating.
I know they help me stick to my diet.
The bars are 90 calories and the fiberhelps you feel full.
90 calories and high fiber.
So that's why this diet thing is working.
But it's weird because my wish for Lorenzo came true.
Male Announcer New Fiber One 90 Calorie Bars.
Hungry no. Results yes.
Used enough plastic water bottles to stretch around the earth over 190 times.
Each brita filter can take up to 300 of those bottles out of the equation.
So get this, right after herbert hoover is elected president, and italian immigrant by the name of joe dibuono takes over tufano's bar here in chicago's little italy.
Well, he and his wife start cooking up classic italian dishes out of their house next door.
Ten generations later, the family's still running it, and the place is so well known, well, hey, they don't even need a sign.
Thanks for coming in. we love joey.
THAT'S JOEY DIBUONO, III CARRYING ON The family tradition.
Walking in here is like walking into home.
everybody knows about it.
It's the place to be if you want family style, authentic italian food.
Yeah, that's what this place is, it's a family restaurant.
ALWAYS HAS BEEN, AND NOW JOEY, Is running it with his family.
Alfredo sauce?
Your twin daughters, are they gonna take over?
Yeah, they're very personable.
They're very good, they're very aware.
Thosetworunning this house, oh, my goodness.
That's special for you, right?
AND THEY'LL STILL BE SERVING UP THE
The meatballs, the soft shells.
Can I get a gallon of that to go?
AND ALL THE OTHER FAMILY FAVORITES.
You know, you don't have to make it complicated.
Simple flavors, but nice, big tastes.
The flavor's in the food.
The mussels are very good.
Pork chops.
The lemon chicken is the best thing they serve.
I heard the lemon chicken is supposed to be your specialty, and the bomb.
Everybody really loves it.
Get a whole chicken and just cut it up.
Put a little cooking oil, a touch of olive oil.
Then I get some fresh garlic and pepper.
A little salt, a little oregano.
Then you get a fresh whole lemon, and you just squeeze it right in there.
Look at that thing, it's like a vice-grip.
He'll be taking rocks and making rock juice in a second.
And then this goes in the broiler.
How long are we going to go down.
With this heat it cooks in 15 minutes.
I'm expecting magic. you'll get it.
And then we use potatoes.
And this is what comes along side of it?
Is the big bird ready? it's ready.
Look at the way that's roasted down like that.
It really holds in the juices.
Get a few of the potatoes and add it to the chicken.
Sprinkle it with the oil and it gives it a great taste.
that's all she wrote.
Want to arm wrestle for the thigh?
I don't want to embarrass you on the camera.
Look at that, melts in your mouth.
It's super crispy.
Now I get a little of the lemon.
Definitely picking up some of the oregano.
Breast meat right there, nice and super juicy.
I'm starting to understand, joey, why you're so popular.
I'm gonna tell you, that's some bodacious bird, brother.
I could eat that whole bird.
You're doing a pretty good job. I know.
Well done on the outside and very tender on the inside.
It's spicy. it's juicy.
It's one of my favorites here.
It's a wonderful dish.
It's something I've been having here for 25 years.
You can't forget where you've come from and what's worked for you all these years.
Did you have enough? you bet.
ITALIAN FAMILY COOKING THAT'S BECOME A local legend.
Thank you.
Did you grow up here?
I was brought here as a kid.
My ma's been coming here for 60 years.
How long you been coming here? 17 years.
12 Or 13 years.
We always come back here.
They always remember you when you come in.
They talk to you.
All right here so far?
How does it feel to be a legacy in italian food in chicago?
I'm honored.
I'm honored that my grandma and grandpa were able to start this.
It's a great tradition.
A lot of people come here from all over the country.
Let's talk about who they are, dick vitale, phil jackson, bob costas.
Who's this cat? rocky marciano.
This was my grandpa here.
AND MAKING EVERYONE FEEL AT HOME IS A family tradition joey's proud to carry on.
With food straight from his grandparent's kitchen.
RIGHT DOWN TO THE TOMATO SAUCE GRANDMA this is the way we were brought up.
This is the way my grandpa and grandma taught us.
beef, couple pieces of pork, too.
I've got neck bones. neck bones.
That doesn't look like any rib right there.
So you get a bunch of marrow out of there.
You're gonna get a ton of flavor out of there.
Everyone in the pool. tomatoes.
Add a little basil to it.
And then you just let it go down for about 3 1/2 hours.
How about you do the rest of the show by yourself and I'll watch this.
Look at that, just get it going right here.
I have a thing about gravy, tomato sauce, and that is, just make it right, just make it righteous.
My friend, this is right and righteous.
For that you get a hug.
The sauce is out of this world.
WHATEVER IT'S ON, Mostaccioli, the eggplant parmesan, chicken parm.
Winner.
I've tried the chicken, I've tried the ravioli.
The meatballs, pretty much everything is real good.
Fried calamari.
Shells and broccoli.
Veal piccante.
JOEY SAYS THIS ONE'S A NEWCOMER, HIS Own recipe.
On the menu only ten years.
Bring it on.
Inside round.
You do the veal top round on everything here.
Yeah, we trim it and cut it ourselves.
That's old-school.
Nderize it a little bit.
Put them in the flour.
and the bread crumbs I use the white bread crumbs I don't use the relar hard bread crumbs, that's what makes its it so good.
Start with a little butter.
And the veal doesn't take to long to cook.
No, it doesn't.
a little chicken stock.
And that's all she wrote.
That's a nice portion.
Sprinkle a little juice on there.
Some pine nuts.
That's a nice looking round.
There's tons of flavor in that.
I could do damage on this.
Super tender, it's nice and light.
You know what that is?
That's the real-deal holy veal.
I'll be here all week.
You should try the veal.
And don't forget to tip your waitress.
How many years I've wanted to use that line and it finally worked.
I'm out.
The veal is the best in the city.
It melts in your mouth.
Everything's good and fresh.
It couldn't be done any better.
It's just a family place.
I can tell a lot of love was put into this.
You gotta love what you're doing.
And that's what we do here.
It tastes like homemade cooking.
There's nothing more you can add.
This is the best italian restaurant in the city of chicago.
Joey, I can s why everybody, from the aunts, to your mom, to your wife, your daughters, why everybody loves joey.
Thanks for sharing it with us.
scrambled, ham.
UP NEXT, ATLANTA.
just like grandma's.
And icebox pie.
Yummy!
Now, on triple d, you know we've got to stop at a place known for their great southern breakfast.
Here we are, the silver skillet in atlanta.
Give me a chicken biscuit andtwoscrambled, ham.
Fried pork chops, grits.
Biscuits and gravy.
Enjoy.
County ham is such a southern thing, I love it.
Traditional southern food.
THE SAME AS IN '67 WHEN GEORGE DECKER Bought the joint.
My father had the restaurant for 20 years.
HIS DAUGHTER, TERESA TOOK OVER IN THE LATE '80s.
Then her husband jeff started pitching in, too.
You're eating my favorite breakfast.
Grits and ham.
And these are great, they're perfect.
Do you like grits? love grits.
This is the ratio? yes.
Serious.
margarine gives them a better flavor.
Melts and seems to hold up better over the long term.
I like it, and this was the way your dad was doing it? yep.
Boiling water? yes.
Now, it's not supposed to be a rapid, screaming boil.
Don't watch it, it won't boil.
Next, on diners, drive-ins and dives, it's bobbin' for margarine in a hot pot of boiling water.
A little salt.
some.
Now we add the grits.
Now go to a simmer and cover? that's right.
This is the lid for this pot.
Circa? 1956.
I have to get this cookware set.
You can only buy it from here.
Okay, so how are our grits? we're done.
Look at that, nice and creamy.
Now should we taste them, absolutely.
I just want to taste them in their natural state. okay.
I like it with the margarine like that.
They're tasty, I love grits.
I'd eat them in a boat with a goat, in a house with a mouse.
Just taste like grits are supposed to taste.
It's the closest thing to home cooking.
It makes you feel like you're in your own kitchen.
Except you don't have to cook or clean up.
The waitresses are very nice and very friendly.
What would you like, dear?
They're darlin', sweetie, what can I get southern hospitality, that's what it's about.
it's an old-timey joint.
It's hard to reproduce that if it's not the real deal.
Those signs have been there for 50 years?
They're the original hand-painted signs.
Everything is just like it was when they built it.
ESPECIALLY THE FAVORITES.
Got pork chop on the egg.
Eggs, grits, biscuits.
The biscuits are great.
They're really moist and fluffy.
Good biscuit, nice and light.
A scrambled egg and cheese biscuit.
Chicken biscuit.
Bacon jelly biscuit.
You gotta have the jelly on it.
You gotta have the jelly on it.
Eight country ham biscuits.
It's that southern ham, it's fabulous.
It's a real salty ham.
and just let me eat it now.
Open wide.
Trim the ham.
Is this really the knife you use?
It is. I know what to get you for christmas.
Each piece we do this to? every piece.
Hand trimmed.
So it's hand-to-ham combat.
Okay, I'll give you that one.
They have to have the bone in them?
Bone-in for country ham.
Is this the way everybody makes this down here in atlanta?
No, this is a skillet secret family recipe, handed down from my dad.
Soy sauce? soy sauce.
By the gallon, wow.
And that's brown sugar. light brown sugar.
Paprika.
What is this, coffee?
This is not coffee, this is a secret sauce.
That's cola.
Soy sauce, brown sugar, paprika, cola, sounds like breakfast doesn't it?
The ham is now going to go in the magic mixture.
Piece by piece.
'Cause if you stick them in there as a clump, it won't get to the middle.
Marinates over night.
Your ham is done, you cook that.
You gonna drag that over my tennies?
Now how do we make the red-eye gravy?
what do you want me to do?
Just stand there and look pretty.
Want me to move this around and make it more difficult?
Don't you dare.
Add our hot coffee.
that's the red-eye gravy.
Red-eye gravy, a bowl of grits, good to go.
Let me show you how we do it at my house.
Throw those grits down there.
I cut all my ham up ahead of time, like my grandfather used to do it.
I'm really happy that you used the side with the bone.
That's the best.
Let me just try the gravy now.
Now the red-eye gravy taste more like my red-eye gravy.
You can tell I don't like this at all.
I'm gonna put this in my car.
I think it tastes delicious.
The red-eye gravy is real unique.
Just like grandma's.
AND HEY, GRANDMA MADE DESSERT, TOO.
Lemon icebox pie, when we come back.
With a piece that big, I'm gonna have to push the camaro to my next diner.
THE SILVER SKILLET HAS BEEN AN ATLANTA Institution since 1956.
It's a landmark here in atlanta.
There you go.
IT'S A '50s DINNER, STICK-TO-YOUR RIBS FOOD.
teresa breckinridge has kept it all going since she took it over from her dad.
It's a good southern breakfast.
WITH ALL KINDS OF SOUTHERN CLASSICS, D that includes dessert.
Lemon icebox pie.
The pie is exceptional.
Icebox means it's kept cold. right.
But it gets baked? yes.
Crust first?
We're gonna do the crust first.
A couple of handfuls of graham cracker crumbs.
Liquid margarine.
We're gonna mix this together.
Put it in the oven for 20 minutes.
Now to make the custard.
Eggs, we only use the yolk.
Wow, look at that bowl.
It came with the other set.
Sweetened condensed milk.
Your dad's recipe also? yes.
This man had it going on. he did.
Lemons. en garde.
Sorry, how many? eight.
Squeeze them by hand.
I'm gonna hammer you down like that.
Sometimes I don't even know my own strength.
You've been playing around and I've been working.
You're not going to win.
That's a lot of mixture for one pie.
It is, but it will tighten up.
Will it fit? it'll fit.
a few times.
And now we're going to hit it with what?
A few vanilla wafers, gently push them down in.
Now we bake it? 20 minutes.
Then you let it cool down.
cream topping.
That's a lot of pie, heavy.
Ooh, I like that, a little crunch on top.
What would be nice there is a little lemon zest.
But you know, on a different day.
With a piece that big, I'm gonna have to push the camaro to my next diner.
On the bottom.
That has got to be so refreshing on a hot day.
It's not overly sweet. no.
Good little amount of citrus.
It lets you know it's there.
You would like this.
The pie was delicious.
There's a lot of love went in to that pie.
You're running late, kiddo.
Southern charm and hospitality.
The atlanta, authentic experience.
Fantastic. excellent.
This is good food.
THE WAY THEY'VE BEEN DOING IT HERE For half a century.
Unfortunately, I can't double dip.
I should have gone with more of a big bite style.
The big boy spoon.
So that's it for this trip.
But we've got plenty more joints to find.
I'll be looking for you next time on triple
Closed Captions Provided ByScripps Networks, Llc and we're rollin' out, looking for america's greatest diners, drive-ins and dives.
THIS TRIP THAT'S GREAT.
great thing about it is it doesn't change.
grilled cheeseand tomato soup.
At the lunch counter that feels like 1925.
It has that sense of history.
we've gota mac and cheese.
The mac and cheese is heaven. without a stove.
You'd be dangerous with a full kitchen.
Hilltop t. b. a. monumentous. an idaho icon.
a lot of nachos.
And big flavors. , that is good.
That's always nice when you get a nice juice run.
whoa.
They call it, uh, carnitas. this is awesome.
This is completely different.
The old-fashioned way. this is a bean cracker.
Talk about gettin' a shirt tail caught up IN grumbles That's all right here, right now
I'm here in downtown portland, oregon, and, man, is there a lot goin' on love comin' to this town.
They've got such a strong position on food I mean, from the traditional to the international to the unique.
And speakin' of unique,you gotta check out blueplate, where this dude is crankin' out the lunch counter classics and doin' some old-school handmade sodas.
Money.
oh, thank you.
it's a great little spot for lunch.
it's like 1925, like it was a pharmacyturned soda fountain.
Just like trained chef jeff reiter imagined
And I convinced the owner of the building even though the place didn't even have a kitchen.
T macs, five minutes.
You're living off of these electric cooktops.
This is called go for table three.
The point was to make sure that people felt like they were stepping back in time.
how did you come up with your menu?
We were lookin' for things that were pre-war grilled cheeseand tomato soup.
all right, we got a mac and cheese.
yeah, those are pre-war, too, FIRST MADE POPULAR BACK IN THE '20s.
It's like a pint-sized hamburger.
this is where you're gonna gourmet us a little bit.
An upscale play on traditional midwestern slider we got some canola oil, some onion.
we gotitalian blend seasoning a little basil, thyme, rosemary, oregano chili powder salt, a little pepper.
We really just wantto toast those spices just so we're not gonna bite into a crunchy onion yeah, we kinda we kinda want a little tooth to the onions.
Set that aside.
And over here we got the secret to a good hamburger I agr with you on that.
We love it in meatballs. we love it in meatloaf.
Why wouldn't we love it in a in a hamburger or in a slider?
our onion mix so get in there really good.
So I'm gonna makeabout ping pong ball-size we're just gonna roll 'em up as tight as we can.
where do you want it, brother?
so we just take these balls, and we let 'em start to get a little caramelized on the bottom.
And we're gonna take our potato rolls, pop them on the butterbefore the fat gets
because I don't wantto squish out all my good fat, but I need to make 'em thin, so we're just gonna squish 'em down, give 'em a lid, let 'em cook away.
we use tillamook cheddar cheese.
That's a coastal town with a lot of cows here in oregon, and they makefabulous cheese.
So we're gonna givethe burgers a quick flip.
And so we're just gonna put these piles when you make a cheeseburger, shred your cheese.
It melts a lot better. I agree.
what do you think?
I think yes. yes.
so we're just gonna takea couple pinches of bacon bits, and we're gonna lid this upto get a nice steam on that bun.
And then we're gonna make our basil mayonnaise.
Nothing really fancy about it take mayonnaise, deli mustard it's got some extra spice fresh pesto basil with justa little bit of olive oil a little bit of rice vinegar, not much, a little salt and pepper, and we're just gonna whisk that up really well.
This is the best part of the whole burger is this nice extracouple hundred calories.
Wow.
We got our juicy cheeseburgers, the messier the better. yeah.
she lives out intillamook county on the coast.
Oh, that's nice.
you could've just taken the potato roll with that basil mayo and some melted cheese, and it would've rocked.
This is thre sauce at he has on it is incredible the best I've ever had.
if you gottaget a couple sliders, this is where you come to, right here.
or real fountain drinks.
It has that sense of history.
A perfect old-time soda fountain using recipes from 1925.
this one he's makingout of dried hibiscus flowers.
Wow. it's definitely sweet.
I don't really enjoy sweets that much.
I like getting those real sharp, bright flavors in there.
It's like snow cones gone wild.
Soda? thank you.
It makes me feel like I'm a little kid.
So does this.
I got a grilled cheese and tomato soup.
MY 3-YEAR-OLD RYDER IS THE QUINTESSENTIAL Judge of all tomato soup and grilled cheese.
I'm gonna channel the ryder.
Yep, past the 3-inch.
He would come down here like this, stir it.
Wow. if he likes it, he'll double-fist it.
on a cool day in portland, it's hard to beat. or this one.
MAC COMIN' OUT. THE MAC AND CHEESE Is heaven.
We're gonna make bacon-mushroom mac and cheese with tillamook pepper jack.
We're gonna need some oil in the pan.
We put our twiston southern cooking.
LIKE THIS ONE.
Country ham grit cakes,it's grits done up a little bit.
WITH BLACKENED FLOUNDERAND JAKE'S OWN Crawfish sauce.
The spiciness of the flounderwith the crawfish, it's just a phenomenal dish.
AND THESE GUYS ARE PUTTING IN 80 HOUR Weeks just to get it right.
We love being in the kitchen,we love the insanity.
JAKE'S EVEN HERE A COUPLE OF DAYS Into a tree.
Ow, how's the tr look? better than me.
we're gonna makeour crawfish sauce.
And we're gonna startwith our roux.
Canola oil and flour,get this all mixed up here.
D of colorare we looking for? dark peanut.
Take a look at that, that's a little roux 101.
The longer you go the darker it will turn.
It adds a little nutty flavor to it.
We've hit our color, now we're gonna go with our trinity.
Celery, yellow onion, and some red peppers.
Now fresh, choedarlic and that thickens up instantly.
Let this cook down and then we'll add our spices to this.
Old bay, crushed red pepper, cayenne pepper, black pepper, tarragon, oregano, a little salt.
GuyYOU'VE GOT SOME HEAT,YOU'VE GOT SOME Herbaceousness.
Now comes diced tomatoes, canned diced tomatoes.
Lobster stock.
When are we gonna addthe crawfish?
We'll let it come to a boil, check the thickness of it, and then we're gonna add our seafood, the shrimp and crawfish.
And the juicethat comes along with it.
This is gonna come up, get those shrimp cooked.
blackened flounderover our country ham grit cake.
Well let's getgetting on that.
Canola oil, hot pan, julienned country ham.
Brown that, add mirepoix our onions, carrots, celery.
Let that cook down for awhile.
Add our salt, fresh ground pepper and our thyme straight in with out water and a little bit of milk.
Bring that up to temperature.
Then we'll add our ye I'm alreadystarting to smell it.
We'll just let this cook for about 20 minutes.
Finish with salt and pepper.
Now I'm adding parmesan cheese, a little parm in there.
Then we'll pour that onto a sheet tray and cool it down and then cut the individual cakes, flat-top fry them and then plate them with blackened flounder.
I can't wait to try that.
We make oublackening season here.
A little bay, paprika, a little bit of cumin,garlic salt, onion powder, and a little bit of cayennejust to give it some heat.
We're gonna mix this up,get our flounder here.
GuyIS FLOUNDERTHE GO-TO FISH AROUND HERE?
One of 'em, yes.
Get a little oil on our top here.
Put the fish right down on there.
other side? yep.
Hit that with a little oil, es on each side.
ALL RIGHT,LET'S ASSEMBLE THIS,THE GRIT Cake is ready.
Then we come withour blackened flounder.
We're gonna sauce thiswith our crawfish sauce with a little bit ofsauted fresh summer vegetables.
And thereis our blackened flounderand country ham grit cake with crawfish sauce.
You got a lot going on there, man.
nice and creamy, a nice mellow heat.
Look at that bite, that's good night, go to bed right there.
Dude, delicious.
I like the fish, but that crawfish sauce on that grit cake,
you want a big tub of it?
I'd liket gallons of that to goin the '67 in the back.
All right.
THE FLOUNDER'S MOIST, The grit cakeis just excellent,it's like, homemade.
YOU COULD PUT THAT SAUCE ON A Hub cap. scoop it out with my flip-flop.
IT'S ALWAYS GOOD, EVERYTHING.
There's nothing on the menu that's not perfect.
Get us a quesadilla going.
RIGHT ON THE GRILL, LOOK AT THAT.
You can come and getlunch menu specials and you can also getan entree.
Dinner's a little bitmore refined country cooking.
YOU THINK?
This is filet.
Salmon with a little dill sauce,awesome.
The pork chops are awesome.
MAPLE-GLAZED DOUBLE-CUT PORK CHOP With our roasted garlicmashed potatoes, candied apples,and sauted spinach.
It's the best pork chop I've ever had.
big boy.
Get that fat off that boneand just french these out and here's our pork chop.
You're basically makingtwochops into one.
I'm in it now.
Jake WE'RE GONNA COME OVER HERE, SALT AND Pepper both sides.
Canola oil on that to keep 'em from sticking.
We're going right on the grill.
We'll let that go for threeor four minutes, get some marks on it.
Dynamite,let's pick that pork upand wash our hands.
JakeWE'LL TAKE OUR APPLE HEREAND CUT THESE Into fours.
I'm gonna core out this.
Canola oil in the pan,get these browning.
Turn these guys hereand now it's timeto add brown sugar.
We just make it here,it's our molassesand sugar.
You make your own brown sugar? you darn right.
Oh, I love to s it.
You're gonna make a caramel that's gonna go around those apples.
Jake NOW I'M GONNA MAKE OUR GLAZE.
Maple syrup and a little creole mustard.
Our chops are getting finished over here.
We're gonna glaze it with our maple and creole mustard glaze and then finish that in the oven.
Five minutes so that candies up.
We'll add our sauted spinachand mashed potatoes, candied apples,and now our pork chop.
A little bit more glaze hereright on top of our apples, right on top of the chop.
delicious.
Buddy, I tell you what, you hit that in all the right spots.
The thing that I'm so impressed with, you knocked out the temperature on point.
The mashed are great, the apples, I can still s the real apple.
Ops, the chop's legit, man.
You'll dig that, that's a top chop.
Here's yourmaple-glazed pork chop.
Fresh pork chop with a sweetness to it.
It's cooked perfectly,it's got a great flavorand an awesome grilled taste.
Blackened flounder, table seven.
I just love the food.
You'll be back. always, yes.
They treat us like we're family.
You really do appreciate every person that comes through the door. absolutely.
Great experience, congratulations.
UP NEXT, Burger shiitake, peanut sauce.
WE'RE HEADING TO CINCINNATI FOR BURGERS With attitude.
we're gonna makea burgundy wine sauce.
for the burger, ye announcer: there's a new way to eat fruit.
That has turkey broth already mixed in.
We add milk and flour mixture.
what's your next step?
Use some homemade mashed potatoes, and we add butter, sour cream, kosher salt special seasoning I can't tell ya.
and now they're all ready. okay.
Right. I feel a tryptophan nap comin' on.
all right, ready for some gravy? absolutely.
We got the veggies, cranberry salad that my mom makes homemade dude, that's super holiday food.
the turkey's nice and tender.
Mashed potatoes are on point, no lump in the gravy.
It's nice to have the cranberry cleans the palate. nice stuffing, too.
You don't find this often, that the stuffing is cooked inside the turkey.
It's all so simply done, but it's got the traditional holiday flavors. yep.
Nice job. thank you.
the gravy on it brings out the taste.
It's nice and juicy, very tender.
Mm-hmm, very good. it's crazy good.
I've been stationed here for about 18 months.
Bein' able to eat this meal around christmastime, cheese on the burger.
Like a family. merry christmas.
So from an asianrestaurant it was all her idea.
The owner of this restaurant, sun best cook in town.
Thanks for havin' me. very nice. thank you.
Thank you.
Merry christmas. merry christmas.
where the menu says it all.
The santa burger. reindeer hoagie.
It's christmasall the time. yeah.
dude.
Filet mignon.
No wonder santa lives up here. yes.
I'm back rollin' on santa claus lane.
Now here's a little interesting point for ya you know all those lettersthat kids write to santa claus during christmas?
Well, they end upat this post office right here over 100,000 a year.
Now a little bit farther down here on mistletoe drive, we're goin' to a place that celebrates christmas all year long.
Now at this joint they never put up christmas decorations, time to check out the elf's den.
IS IT ALWAYS LIKE THIS? woman IT'S CHRISTMAS All the time.
It's christmasall the time. the rudolph burger.
The santa burger love it. made from scratch.
You don't get that at a lot of places.
I want them to taste the home cooking.
calzone is ready.
She made sure to hang on tolong-time head chef tony ysais.
tony has got to be one of the best cooks.
He makes sure that you've had a great meal.
the kitchen. yep.
rib eye up.
From high-end steaks all the way down to a hoagie.
a reindeer hoagie.
Tony REINDEER HOAGIE. ON A FRESH-BAKED Roll.
so let's makesome bread dough.
All right flourinto the kettle.
We're gonna add eight eggs, half a stick of butter.
And I have cold water here, sugar, salt.
nice burn on the arm, by the way.
Where'd that one come from? oh, pizza oven.
now I've got some yeast and some lukewarm water.
Get that yeast alive. oh, yeah.
Pour the yeastright into the flour.
add this water mixture in.
how long you gonna let this mix?
Probably about 15 minutes, just until it's a nice ball that's shiny.
Pour a little bit of vegetable oil around there so now you're gonna get down and wrestle that thing?
I am. looks like a giant snowball.
look at that.
AND NOW I'M JUST GONNA. [whistles] Throw this bad boy over there.
let it rest?
For a minute or so.
NOW sighs I can play this game.
bell dingsOH, YEAH.
[laughs]I'LL BE IN THE BAR.
Before it dries, I'm gonnaroll this in my palm like that.
Then we just wrap it up on the bottom. yep.
We're gonna roll 'em out to about 12 inches.
it's also so these are gonna go on a proofing tray.
yep, and brush 'em with some egg wash.
now we're gonna put it in the proofer box.
How longwill these proof? a couple hours.
Then they'll beready to bake? exactly.
Wow, how hot's that deck? 450 for the bread.
How fast will these come out? ten minutes.
Look at those. close that for me.
dismount it's kinda like at the food olympics in flavortown.
nice and light look at all the nooks and crannies.
slicethe sausage up.
So reindeer sausage this is prevalent up here?
There is a following for it, and, um, actually they they follow each other right here.
Yeah. okay, I've got my sausage, onions.
We've got some red pepper and green pepper to make clarified butterto cook it with.
Yep, correct. now let this sauté up.
Yes, and then we're gonnatake our freshly made bread, the middle.
did you s THAT? imitates whooshing I don't understand this part marinara on the mayonnaise.
in every bite. oh, it smells great.
made in-house.
And some cheddarand mozzarella.
Into the oven? into the oven.
Let's pull itout of the oven. look at that.
You got all the christmas colors in there.
, that is a really good sandwich.
And the reindeer sausage tastes like a really good andouille.
There's a nice, bright pepper flavor.
And now I just remember you putmayonnaise in it. I won't argue.
merry christmas, man. thank you.
I want that in my stocking. reindeer hoagie.
The combination of marinarasauce and reindeer excellent.
A little spicy taste to it it's really good.
Other food's wonderful. here's your calzone.
THAT'S A HAPPY CALZONE. Tony [laughing]
it's really just kinda part of life up here.
B. F. F. s WITH SANTA. woman YEAH.
which makes this tony's workshop.
I just enjoy people coming to me and saying, that was the best thing I had in a long time.
MAKE ALL THE BREAD, MAKE ALL YOUR SAUCES, And what a variety of a menu you have. yes.
cheeseburger, fries.
To get this. tournedo.
That's a hand-cut beef tenderloin fillet.
There's almondsin the breading.
And it's loaded withtwoscratch-made sauces.
Okay, what are we on now? béarnaise sauce.
A dozen egg yolks.
And this is gonna be the topping for the beef tournedo. okay.
Vinegar, a little bit of water there.
got it on heat.
I call it the heat and beat system.
no, that or you gotyourself some omelet.
Let's take that off the heat now, granulated garlicand some pepper.
Yep, and tarragon and justa little squeeze of lemon juice.
Check my consistency there we go. nice.
it sticks pretty good, right?
Dude! watch out for this guy.
Now I'm gonna make the mushroom sauce.
First I'm gonna add some garlic, clarified butter, sliced mushroom let that sauté for a little bit.
I want to get, like, a roasted flavor. okay.
Now I'm gonna go and add the wine. sherry?
every time someone orders this, you go through this process.
Yes. dig it.
Now I'm gonna throw our homemade au jus in, reduce a little bit.
Yep. I'm gonna go and add some brown gravy.
You make thisfrom scratch as well.
now thicken it up and there we go.
Now I'm gonna grill the tenderloin fillet.
These are about 10 ounces. cut 'em yourself?
I thought you saidyou did it. who's art?
OH. [laughing]HEY, ALL RIGHT.
I'll be performingin the lounge upstairs.
Grill some beef now salt, pepper, garlic. okay.
Flip this tournedo. now we'll pull it?
And bread it. okay.
I'll put it in some seasoned flour there.
Flour this up. and buttermilk?
Yep. dude, this is crazy.
I'm gonna put it in some panko and slivered almonds there. panko and almonds.
now I'm gonna pan-fry the tournedo.
Clarified butter heretwoladles.
And once this starts cracklin', I'm gonna add my breaded tenderloin. we'll flip that over.
Do youdo the edges, too?
Yes, I do. this is just to brown the breading.
we put that right in the middle, TAKE OUR MUSHROOM SAUCE, SMOTHER THAT TOURNEDO. giggling look at that.
And then we're gonna add a little color.
Parsley and some paprika?
Oh, yeah. that'smedium rare there.
Dude!
You should have to havea license to serve that.
This is crazy perfectly cooked steak, the little butteriness of the almonds.
That gravy would have madean old sandal taste good.
Seriously, I don't care where you live, you gotta get on a planeand come up and try this.
No wonder santalives up here. yes.
the tournedo melts in your mouth.
All sorts of flavors goin' on at once.
that is one of the best. yeah. it is fantastic.
You make some dynamite food, bro. thank you.
I take pride in everything I do.
How is it? it's delicious.
man AND WE KEEP COMIN' BACK.
you're awesome. all right,appreciate it.
Next up, we're gonnavisit a joint here's your i. p. a.
AND ENDS IN THE BOWL. man PORTER BEER Cheese soup with reindeer sausage.
Awesome. really good. when we come back.
20 Miles north of north pole on the alaskan pipeline route is a little town called fox, and it's home to america's most northern brewery and restaurant.
Now how could we bring triple d all the way to alaska for christmas and not stop and check out silver gulch?
We've got our sourdough coff stout, oktoberfest and copper creek amber ale.
It's unique because of the brewery.
here's your i. p. a.
beer-braised baby back ribs meat's just fallin' off the bone.
What is that? scallop salad it's so good.
and how about this being in fox, alaska.
it was started look at that technique.
Who grew up just 10 miles down the road.
Glenn WELL, I WAS BORN AND RAISED IN FAIRBANKS.
We really needed a place like this braised ribs.
So back in '98, glenn gotthe brewery up and running.
and nine years later he added a restaurant, rack of lamb.
And he mixes the menu up depending on what's we have christmastime comin' up, so we're gonna make porter beer cheese soup with reindeer sausage.
yep, that's their christmas special.
Awesome. really good.
We're gonna do milk. ooh.
got most of it in the bowl.
And then we have our silver gulch pick axe porter, which is beer and then chicken broth.
Okay, then I assume we're makin' a roux in one of these. exactly.
Slowly melt our butter.
In our next pan we sauté our garlic oil, add onions to our sauté pan, red bell pepper.
Cook those down. we're gonna sweat 'em out.
we're ready to whisk our flour into the roux.
We're using thisas a thickening agent, so now we're gonna take our roux into our beer and cream.
We'll bring that to a boil, add the veg in and a little bit of cayenne pepper, some nutmeg and salt.
And then we're gonna let it cook for about 15 minutes.
back on the stove spilly there's no way that'sall gonna fit in there.
slowly stir in the cheddar. you got the party havarti.
without havarti my favorite line.
And then a little gruyèère. very healthy.
YES, IT IS. [laughs] Knockin' all the calories right over the so maybe we should've got a bigger pot.
and this right here isthe reindeer sausage.
hey, and we're gonna overflow again.
NO, WE'RE NOT. [sizzling] Let it cook, and we're good to go.
we're gonna make fresh pretzels for the porter beer cheese soup.
We're gonna dissolve the sugar, then the salt, the yeast.
too hot, you'll kill it.
so just mix that up.
pastry flour. really nice and light.
gives it its elasticity and its chew.
Exactly. dig it.
We're gonna turn it on low.
We got our yeast mixture,gonna slowly pour that in.
Water. how long do you let this run for?
take it out, throw it in a bowl, proof it?
and then roll it out into 4-ounce portions.
and then roll it out and make it into the knots.
Exactly. dig it.
Flour on the surface, roll it out.
dust it off a bit,then we just twist.
they're ready to go.
So lay it out. we brush itwith garlic oil.
We roast garlic every day,so we have oil left over.
Nice. and a little bit of salt. a little salt.
Bake these at 500 degrees about 9 minutes.
Like it.
Ready to try it? please.
Our soup. you put the jeez in cheese.
Scallions,a nice hot pretzel. I like this.
This is nice, man reindeer sausage makes it.
I like when some of that fat started gettin' in there.
But the kicker, dude, is the pretzel.
Good chew to it, a little salt, and a little aroma of the garlic oil.
Dredging it in this soup right on.
BEER CHEESE SOUP. woman THE BEER FLAVOR With it it's kind of unexpected.
I love it.
Anything with a little beer mixed in.
We were a brewery for ten years before we were a restaurant.
All of our dishes we try to get them all prepared with beer.
they're really good.
my favorite every time I come out here.
wow, that's a crazy rib, man.
You picked the right restaurants.
This is the right restaurant. really?
In alaska it is. i like this.
To all of us.
I'm from ohio, came to alaska, fell in love with it.
Got a job here, started cookin' like a local.
Bacon-wrapped scallops in the window!
Everything has a little bit of alaska in it.
Like local halibut, served crusted with pistachios, in tacos, even in the hush puppies.
Alaskan hush puppies in the window! yum!
woman SO GOOD. SO WE'RE GONNA START WITHPASTRY Flour nice and light.
Oh, man. shredded coconut.
Coconut? that's ourlittle twist on it.
Gotta have a leavening agent. cornmeal.
he's cuckoo for coconut.
when are we incorporating our seafood?
We're gonna puréesome of our shrimp.
That's what I do with my seafood, get it liquid-y.
Purée the halibut. I can't wait to s this.
Wow. look at that. okay, now what?
Our egg and coconut mixture we're gonna add that to our dry.
throw in the liquid shrimp and the cilantro. cilantro.
All right, now we're gonna do a little mix-y.
Um, okay.
you're hired. yes, thank you.
What an orientation it's been.
You want to let it sit for about an hour.
Put it in the cooler, and then we'll hit the fryer. right.
what are wefrying this in?
down. there you go. they ready?
If they spring back, were done. all right? okay.
All right, raspberry jalapeño that's my favorite.
Lemon-cilantro aioli, sesame soy.
Okay, nice and steamy hot.
I dig it, man.
The seafood texture's comin' through.
it tastes a lot like a clam cake. wow.
ooh, a little bit of heat in that one.
And then a little bit ofthe bite in some of the sesame.
Nice variation all the sauces are so different.
I think you could make just about everybody happy.
Way to go. good job. thank you.
to it? it does.
I love the halibut, the shrimp nice combination.
A little bit of alaska in myhush puppies is a good thing.
spicy sauce for my husband, and the sweet sauce for me.
I swear to you, everything is good.
The white pizza oh, my word delicious.
Braised ribs. these ribs are awesome.
I've had everything here, yeah.
Everybody in the community comes here, especially christmas eve magic.
josh kind of found us, he's doin' a GREAT JOB FOR US. SURE IS.
you got a you got a good gig goin' here.
Up next, we're headin' to a joint where the christmas favorites are smokin'.
oh, my gosh, that is outstanding. food ready here.
It's nice to have southern barbecue in the cold winter. s you in a bit.
Hey, I'm fieri here in alaska for the triple d north pole christmas.
Now we're about 15 miles up the road in fairbanks, for, it's barbecue.
So here we are big daddy's northernmost SOUTHERN BarB-Q.
man FULL RACK ARKANSAS RIBS. IF YOU LIKE Barbecue, this is where you want to be for christmas.
St. louis ribs.
brisket,collard greens, okra.
Normal food up herein fairbanks, alaska?
No but at big daddy's it is.
man PULLED PORK SANDWICH UP. WHAT DO YOU Think makes the barbecue so good?
harold makes the barbecue really good. harold himself?
how's everything goin' tonight?
Your friendscall you big daddy? yes, sir.
And for the holidays, he's servin' up some big birds.
people come and get 'em whole.
Yep. the alternative to the big roast turkey.
This one's brined and smoked.
When it comes to holiday time, brining turkeys to me is just one of the best.
some waterin the pan here.
we got the sugar. brown sugar.
Flame her up. stir it till it dissolves.
So now now we add the other ingredients.
black pepper, granulated garlic, some allspice, and we got some honey. okay.
cool down with some ice.
And that should be good enough.
come on overto my house later.
We're gonna havesome turkey punch.
Get our brining bucket. pour this in there.
IN THERE. imitatingturkey gobbling Make sure it getsdown in the cavity. yep.
then we want to make sure it's covered completely, so we just put a little this guy's gotall the tricks.
so this goes in the walk-in for about 18 hours?
so we're gonna make the dry rub.
Yeah. we got the sugar, granulated garlic.
Got your mustard, chili. no cayenne on this.
No cayenne not that much heat.
Got your paprika, brown sugar, black pepper.
Then we just mix it all together.
We sift it just to mix all the ingredients
there is no salt, has enough in it.
What I like to do is I like to separate the skin, so the skits a little bit crispier, so you don't rip up the skin then will skin works as a natural barrier to keep the moisture in, and it's real hard for that dry rubto make it through that skin.
Take a little dry rub, give the meat some flavor.
just so they don't get all burned off.
That and it's a good presentation when you pull it out of the smoker.
So a little olive oil give it a nice massage.
Turkey's love good msages. yes, they do.
Then we'll just sprinkle some on top kinda creates a little wet rub with the olive oil.
tie it up with a couple pieces now we're gonna gohit her in the smoker.
Yep. there we go. got her?
Ha ha. 300 degreesfor about 2 hours?
You got her. all right,we ready to go?
Yep. there you are. ah, that smells great.
What are wegonna do with it? eat it.
Yeah, but I mean,do you give me a drumstick?
What what do you want, a little slice on top?
look at how juicy that turkey is.
oh, my gosh.
That is outstanding.
Not salty, not sweet
that's award-winning turkey right there.
Mega flavor. then we make a sandwich.
we're gonna start putting it you seriously can't putany more turkey on there.
Usually don't let meget in the way.
We we stack her. okay. lookat that thing.
Oh. holy moly, that's good.
That's the cornerof delicious and juicy right in the middle of flavortown.
if that doesn't say holiday in a sandwich,i don't know what does.
You're not santa, are you?
Your sledis double-parked.
it's really tender and juicy.
I think the thing that jumps out is the smoke flavor.
The flavor's kind of soaked all the way through.
hey, you'retellin' me I love it. I atethe whole turkey.
I had thanksgiving and christmasin the back all by myself.
woman THE CHICKEN AND RIB PLATE WITH BAKED it's kind of nice to come and have some southern barbecue in the middle of a cold winter. comin' up.
Burnt ends up.
Who didn't know a thing about barbecue until he moved to alaska and met a he talked me into good smoked barbecue.
it's just i love it.
All right. so do his fans.
Everything good? yes.
He won best brisket at the state barbecue championship it's everything you couldhope for in a brisket.
And big daddy's smokin' more than 10 tons a year. I like usin', uh, certied angus beef.
Whew. I do when I do briskets.
I don't trim unless I'm doin' a competition.
I like to have all the flavors as much as much you can get.
dry rub's the sameas the one we just did it. salt added to it, yep.
we just we load it on.
we'll take it to the smoker.
put the fat side up.
how long? between 12 and 14 hours.
And one thing I learned about barbecue is it's done when it's done. oh, I like that.
Look at the bark on that.
All right. it looks good to me.
I'm gonna give you what basically what we put in for a competition. okay. show it to me.
All right. i am a k. c. b. s. judge, by the way.
He knows what I'm talkin' about, so he's gonna give me the best of his brisket right now. oh!
Juice just runnin' out of that ice bark on that.
You don't want itto just fall apart in your hand, but you should be able to just very lightly light smoke, notrdone.
Harold BRISKET'S COMIN' UP. I LOVE THE Brisket.
a little bit of fat on it that's the way I like it.
brisket can be a great holiday meal.
WHICH MAKES THESE. Harold BARBECUE BEANS, Dirty rice i got it.
The holiday trimmings. the beans.
oh, that's tasty.
A little bit of spice in there, a little bit of heat. warms up your insides.
Dirty rice.
wow, so you're doin' real dirty rice.
the slaw is wonderful.
Good crunch,not too much vinegar, not too creamy, not too much mayo nice slaw save it for last, 'cause it's like dessert.
what do you got for me? holiday bread pudding.
Oh. oh. probably the best yet.
We'll add some butter, start makin' a custard for the bread pudding. okay.
We'll add the heavy cream. dude heavy cream.
cows up hereneed to keep warm.
What, it just comes out likeice cream right off the bat?
in the meantime, we're gonna add someof the ingredients over here to add to the custard first 24 egg yolks.
and we'll ADD SOME VANILLA. [whistles] Wow, you can smell the vanilla comin' right out of that. nutmeg, some cinnamon.
Mon-a-mon-a-mon-a-mon-a-mon-a-mon-a-mon?
mumbling 'cause we didn'thave it handled with the 2 cupsof the brown sugar then we're gonna temper it into our sauce.
go, go. we're goin'. we're goin'. we're goin'.
french bread that you use here in the restaurant?
we've got our tempered mixture with our cream.
that's a lot of liquid.
A lot of bread. mix up a little bit.
sprinkle some raisins in there, wrap it with, uh, saran wrap and then and then foil, so you're really gonna lock in all the moisture.
Just pop it in the oven 325 for about an hour and a half.
Gonna make some bourbon sauce for the bread pudding.
some sugar in there stir it up.
Keep stirring it so it doesn't scorch.
we'll add one egg at a time.
you s the teamwork that's goin' on right here?
let that sit.
Pull it out and serve it up. serve it up.
We'll just cut it up. there we go.
that's a pretty big portion you're givin' there.
or one personbecomestwopeople.
to make it look a little more holiday cheer, like you find on a cake.
Just put a couple mint leaves on there there we go. hey, look at that.
It's still really hot. gotta serve it warm.
Yep, I'd saythat's warm.
That tastes like gigantic,big bourbon french toast.
It's really tasty, man nice holiday dessert.
Nice job. okay, thank you.
I love that it looks like a present.
bein' from texas, this is southern spice, we've got your food ready here.
The food just reallymakes it worthwhile.
Pulled pork with baked beans.
IT'S ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC. Harold KANSAS City, table 12.
It really is the northernmost southern barbecue.
I hear. comes here every so often.
That's why I s that youdon't have reindeer sausage on the menu. he gets a little offended.
he gets a little worked up on that.
Up next, we're headed to a north pole hot spot
THAT IS CRAZY GOOD. YOU WANT TO EAT It and eat it and eat it when we come back.
one of my favorite holiday memories is from the movie a christmas story, you know, when the family has to go and eat their christmas dinner at a chinese restaurant, because the dogs ate the turkey.
So here I am the north pole, alaska and I find out they've got an off-the-hook chinese restaurant.
Oh, I gotta stop and check out pagoda.
King crab legwith ginger sauce.
This isn't the traditional holiday dish, but it makes the holiday season a little bit more tasty.
Mongolian beef. you can't beat it.
It's the best. oh, my god.
People come from all over just to have this food.
Kung pao shrimp. it's fresh. it's fast.
this is fantastic food.
Okay. the owner, benny he's amazing.
light this up.
Who's been servin' up a different kind of christmas here for almosttwodecades.
What are some of the big sellers here for the holidays?
We do alaska king crab leg with ginger sauce.
A little something different definitely unique.
Let's start off with the king crab legs.
Now look at the size of that.
We're gonna chop someking crabs. all right.
So this is a normal order? little bit bigger.
Little bit bigger. yeah, yeah.
But it's holidays, so you're making yeah, yeah special. extra. extra. yes, special.
extra special, yeah.
You want to talk aboutoff-the-hook cookin', wait till you see this dude work a wok.
FIRE IT UP. NOW HOW MANY BTUs DO YOU THINK We have in there?
55,000?
YEAH. 55,000 Btus.
imitating squeaking WE ADD SOME OIL AND Garlic.
We add ginger. ginger? yep.
I feel like I should givea play-by-play.
King crab legs.
[speaking indistinctly] I'M GONNA TAKE AN Elbow to the teeth.
It's like u. f. c. cooking. bam!
he's chuck norris and emeril at the same time.
Okay, black bean sauce. some oyster sauce.
Soy sauce. yeah.
Look at that. okay.
I'm gonna faint. black pepper.
Oh, sugar. yeah.
wine white wine. yeah.
The scallionsand the cilantro.
Yeah, they'll be the last thing.
All right. look at that. oh.
that's excellent.
Thank you. fantastic. gosh, that's good.
you geta nice broth that comes with it.
You get a little bit of that citrus from the cilantro.
I feel like I'm minin' for gold in alaska right now.
I'm sure not gonna eat all this.
absolutely delicious it's just wonderful.
salt and peppered
and the szechuan beef.
Nontraditional meals like this are a nice way to mix it up.
I like the diversity, uh, around the holidays.
As a matter of fact, I made fried rice last christmas. all right.
Yeah, and egg rolls. mongolian chicken.
It's good food, and when you have good food like that, spending time with your family it can't GET BETTER. man EXCELLENT.
we eat steaks. we eat fish, shrimp.
The walnut shrimp is my favorite
It's got a creamy sauce that's sweet.
that's a big holiday dish.
Okay. we're gonna make the walnut right now.
Make the walnuts for the dish. yes.
Okay. first we add water in the wok.
Okay. put the raw walnutsinto the boil water.
beuse, u theystill have the skins.
Whenou bl 'em, the skin will come off. yes.
So it just sits here and boils for a couple hours. yeah.
you rinse it off.
We have to cool it down for four, five hours.
Now we add just a little bit of water into the wok, sugar. then wesqueeze our honey.
they're just gonna soak it right up.
and now we'll take 'em out and let 'em cool.
just cool for a couple minutes.
so he's got it nice and hot.
Put the basket down in the oil and candy these right on there.
Yes, sir. all for a shrimp dish.
yep, nice and brown.
All right, now let it cool down a little bit.
Now? we're gonna make the walnut shrimp sauce.
first we're gonna put 1 gallon of the mayonnaise.
THEN WE ADD CONDENSED MILK. [whistles] Here so it's gonna bea little bit sweet.
Yeah. then we add half-and-half. okay.
sprinkle some salt.
And that's it. you made this up?
I made this up. the whole process?
so this goes on the prawns after they cook.
first we put the shrimp in the water, boil for just a second.
Okay, pour in here. okay.
the shrimp retain the water.
okay, heat up the wok with oil.
hot enough already, so we put the shrimp into the oil.
now you want to make sure each piece shrimp separate cornstarch on it.
Fast, baby fast and hot.
Okay. the shrimp isready to go.
So we just pick up the shrimp.
threebig spoonfuls.
Of the sauce right here. oaky.
We add the shrimpand some walnuts. some walnuts.
YEAH. giggles There we go. and we just mix up.
now we pour into the plate and serve.
He's an artist, too. look at this.
Here's your chopsticks.
i use speaks Chinese That's how I was gonna say it.
wow.
shrimp's nice and tender, nice crunch to it
The walnut thing this is crazy.
Tell you what great for for christmas, great for appetizer, and people like that for dessert, too.
This is my kind of dessert. thank you.
woman WALNUT SHRIMP. THE TEXTURE'S PERFECT, And the sauce blends in really well.
The glazed walnuts just set it off.
the best chinese food anywhere around fairbanks.
NOW WHERE DID YOU LEARN TO COOK CHINESE from my brother he owns a restaurant in anchorage.
Also I learned lots of stuff by myself.
They have everything you want.
i love it.
and it's just awesome.
To the house specialty. pagoda steak.
it's amazing sweet, spicy.
It's also a favorite around the holidays.
So this is a, uh, prime rib get all the fat out.
don't look in the '67 camaro out there, if that knife's not around. hmm.
That would be me. get the lean meat.
And this is some super, super premium tender meat.
Look at the marbling in that meat.
That's gonna be good.
Can I do the switch?
It's like pullin' the lever on the roller coaster.
Ready? go. we heat up the wok.
Gonna add some oil, garlic. scallions.
gosh, that thing is so crankin' hot right no carrot, mushroom, broccoli yeah, we boil a little bit.
We add wine. a little red wine.
oyster sauce
look at that.
It's just jumpin' out of there.
Oh! huh? look at that.
That meat's gotta be, like, medium rare.
I mean, we're cooking it super-high heat.
Look at that.
That is great and very simply done.
The meat's got a nice seared texture on the outside of it but super tender in the center.
the black pepper.
That is crazy good. look at that.
pagoda steak.
You want to eat and eat it and eat it until you can't eat it anymore. okay, guys.
The thing about pagoda's it packs a lot of flavorin small bites.
boy, that's delicious.
It's always the best, no matter what you order.
I know where I'm gonna start spending my holidays. chinese restaurant, huh? pagoda.
all right!
[laughs] Was that a killer place or what?
Next up, we're headed to a place called the cookie jar.
We'll go with chocolate chip. for what else?
This ismelt-in-your-mouth beef. prime rib.
