I HATE LABELS. I DON’T LIKE HAVING TO PUT EVERYTHING INTO LITTLE BOXES. BUT IF YOU HAD TO LABEL ME, I GUESS YOU COULD CALL ME… REAL..
I WANT TO BE THE SAME AS ALL THE DIFFERENT PEOPLE..
LANA DEL REY IS ONE OF THE BEST MUSICAL EXPONENTS OF HER GENERATION.
IS THIS VEGAN?.
YOU CAN’T BEGIN TO FULLY APPRECIATE KAFKA UNTIL YOU READ HIM IN GERMAN..
IT’S NOT A SCARF. IT’S A TRADITIONAL COLOMBIAN GARMENT..
THEY SOUND SO MUCH BETTER ON VINYL..
WHEN I DIE, I’M LEAVING MY BODY TO ART..
CAN YOU CALL ME BACK? I’M KNITTING A COVER FOR MY IPAD..
MY MUSIC DOESN’T REALLY HAVE A GENRE, BUT IF I HAD TO DEFINE IT I’D PROBABLY SAY ‘ORGANIC GARAGE’..
WHAT’S YOUR INSTAGRAM HANDLE?.
IT’S KIND OF LIKE BONO MEETS WEEZER? BUT IT’S JUST ME AND A UKULELE.
I HEARD SHE’S MAKING SOME SERIOUS WAVES IN THE HEMP INDUSTRY..
WELL YOU CAN’T JUST GET THEM ANYWHERE, YOU NEED TO KNOW THE RIGHT PLACES..
…AND THIS IS MY GIRLFRIEND, RAINBOWE..
IS THAT FAIR TRADE?.
I GOT DONNIE DARKO THE FIRST TIME I WATCHED IT..
SOMEONE REALLY NEEDS TO INVENT A MOUSTACHE-FRIENDLY HARMONICA..
I SAW THEM IN THIS REALLY SMALL VENUE LAST YEAR..
IT’S FROM THE ORGANIC FRUIT STALL ON CHAMBERS STREET. YOU’VE PROBABLY NEVER HEARD OF IT..
I’M THINKING OF TAKING SOME TIME OFF TO WORK ON MY SOLO STUFF..
THANKS, I WOVE IT MYSELF..
SOVEREIGN RINGS ARE SO CLICHÉ-CHIC..
BON IVER IS SUCH A SELLOUT..
UGH… ARIAL..
I BET HIS AFRO ISN’T EVEN IRONIC..
THIS IS DEFINITELY GOING INTO MY BLOG..
WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU’RE OUT OF LEATHER IPHONE PURSES?.
YOU CALL THAT A FEDORA?.
WELL I’M PLANNING ON MOVING TO LONDON TO OPEN MY OWN GLUTEN-FREE BAKERY, BUT AT THE MOMENT I’M JUST KIND OF LAYING LOW AND WORKING ON MY NOVEL..
Hey want to come to my high school play except I’m calling it a band?.
I’m writing a book called “Chicken Soup for the Twenty-Something Teenage Soul.”.
Should I get excited when a mainstream artist is nominated for a mainstream award?.
Kids on the Youtube, learning how to be cool..
Rather be dead than cool..
I’m beat to the square, and square to the beat, and that’s my vocation..
They're actually not that good live..
I was into them like, two years ago..
I like the remix better.
Have you heard their side project?.
Their single is the worst song on the album..
This is the most important album of the decade..
My friend used to date the lead singer..
I only like their early stuff..
The radio ruined that song.
I grew up with them..
Your beanie can never be too far back on your head.
I dont match colors. Colors match themselves..
I think rolling up my pant legs to my ankles is just a must on all occasions.
Yeah I totally would sign up for Greenpeace..
100% non-chinese child labor clothing is my ish.
Who are you again?.
I HEARD SHE’S MAKING SOME SERIOUS WAVES IN THE HEMP INDUSTRY..
Sorry, I only use products that are still in beta..
I don't believe in labels.
IS IT EVEN ORGANIC?.
CAN YOU NOT?!.
VEGAN.
LOL.
I CANT EVEN.
I KIND OF WANT A HOT DOG.
IM SO EXCITED FOR FALL.
YOU GUYS!.
WHAT DOES YOUR TATTOO MEAN?.
MEET YOU AT THE PARK BRING YOUR DOGS LETS TALK ABOUT TATTOOS.
like i have money.
sorry not sorry.
my struggle bus is vintage.
i got it at a thrift store across town.
i have to order parts from europe to fix my bike.
but how do you know it's fair trade?.
is this ice cream vegan?.
are you sure about that?.
you've probably never heard of them..
i only eat at pop ups and food truck..
their food went to shit when they went brick and mortar..
Because duh..
Stop it right now..
Really tho..
Said no one ever..
Wait but why?.
Literally dying..
Srsly..
Srsly?.
#THIS.
My phone died..
Do you have any cash?.
They only take cash..
I know, right?.
Totes..
he would be so much more attractive if he didn't post so many selfies..
I'm nowhere close to where I thought I'd be at this age. What am I doing with my life?.
Dude, I got so turnt last night!.
This article doe..
That party was too turnt!.
It’s hella hot outside today..
Karen only wears oversized frockets and leggings. She’s hella basic..
She threw shade at me in front of everyone and thought I wouldn’t realize..
This song is giving me life! YAS!.
I totally ship Piper and Alex! My all-time favorite ship is Ross and Rachel..
Those tacos were good AF..
Did you see his eyes? He was lit af..
You always have my back, fam.
let's do brunch..
best brunch spot in the city, you can't even get there on the bus..
i can't, i'm in an uber right now..
Apocalyptic obsessions have led me to believe what was the spark.
What we once called home, you won't even find.
You all have noticed, before myself, this place I once lived is burnt to the ground.
Keeping cover under my own will, hoping they're not out to get me.
Sentenced to inner correction, I wont believe a single word you speak.
What has become of this structure?.
Breathless, I can't plead my case to anyone.
or caught up I will be in the incline.
I want you spread across the pavement.
Altercations are expected from those unaware.
Recognition is the first step to ability.
Greatness will come as intended.
but only to those deserving I'm willing to show them.
On the surface, I may seem faint,.
but given the chance, I will inflict this beyond ruin.
Don't question my virtue.
I will never let up until your existence is your past.
I'm far past the point of exchanging words.
I'll have you laid out on the pavement.
When there's an end, fictitious figures won't stand before me.
No one will make me kneel or bow, when the screams slowly die,.
emptiness will fill this world.
If I collapse it's your head breaking my fall,.
as the white noise fills your brain, clouding your sight.
Step right up if you think you got it.
One by one I'll take them all on.
Be prepared for a loss of senses.
and hope that mercy will find you.
Oh, we're going in, put your best foot forward.
Break out the strongest of your men, and keep the loyal.
These days are growing cold again.
Into the foreign land we fall right in.
Before I alter my demands with dark intent.
How can I make you understand.
So this is what it comes to, despite all the warnings.
You still extend your fist with the hopes of leaving me impaired.
Surprises may come quickly,.
as the last thing you expect was to be left unconscious at my expense.
I have brought death upon us all, I have brought death upon us all..
Who are you to tell me this is permanent?.
Are you not convinced by our afflictions.
That there is a lapse refusing to let us advance.
or are you fixed on rejection?.
For eight nights, I watched, as our race died.
The cause, as in my visions, has left us in refute.
White flags are not enough, I want them red.
White flags are not enough, I want them red.
Take care of the defensive.
and cease all witnesses.
You could have prevented this.
but now your cries are left unheard.
I'm thirsty for control.
I'm starving for that final word.
you could have prevented this.
Prepare for the worst, but give in to nothing.
Who are you to tell me is permanent.
I watched this, as it grew grew and conquered.
I saw it at its greatest of triumphs.
So be it, I killed what I helped create.
just to continue a greater cause.
I can't fix what I did not break.
I can only help further the sincere.
Shifting memories.
They come and go.
Haunting me.
Night and day.
Forever chasing after what was right within my reach.
I will hold on to this.
We know this is more than a calling.
It's a granted abduction.
Call it what you will, but in this war of two sides, I must look after myself.
Waiting to hear your voice again.
(I'll never let you go).
What have I done to let myself fall into this vicious cycle.
What should I make of this?.
I'm trapped inside a terminal.
Forced to choose between two burdens.
Both of which I can't live with or without.
I could tell someone, and live with truth.
Or tell myself, and live without regret..
Failure is haunting us, but only if we believe it can.
Fortune is grabbing us by the throat, though we must allow it.
Reasons beyond our control have taken everything from us.
Just as it seems to fade, it returns.
Stronger than it was before.
I'm left to deal with this ambush alone.
An army of one is no army at all.
Broken are my attempts, by both my own.
To signal peace will never be the case.
I'll put in what I plan on getting out.
I put my life into this.
Will I feel again?.
Have you got colour in your cheeks?.
Do you ever get that fear that you can't shift.
The type that sticks around like something in your teeth?.
Are there some aces up your sleeve?.
Have you no idea that you're in deep?.
I dreamt about you nearly every night this week.
How many secrets can you keep?.
'Cause there's this tune I found that makes me think of you somehow and I play it on repeat.
Until I fall asleep.
Spilling drinks on my settee.
(Do I wanna know).
If this feeling flows both ways?.
(Sad to see you go).
Was sort of hoping that you'd stay.
(Baby we both know).
That the nights were mainly made for saying things that you can't say tomorrow day.
Crawling back to you.
Ever thought of calling when you've had a few?.
'Cause I always do.
Maybe I'm too busy being yours to fall for somebody new.
Now I've thought it through.
Crawling back to you.
So have you got the guts?.
Been wondering if your heart's still open and if so I wanna know what time it shuts.
Simmer down and pucker up.
I'm sorry to interrupt. It's just I'm constantly on the cusp of trying to kiss you.
I don't know if you feel the same as I do.
But we could be together if you wanted to.
(Do I wanna know?).
If this feeling flows both ways?.
(Sad to see you go).
Was sort of hoping that you'd stay.
(Baby we both know).
That the nights were mainly made for saying things that you can't say tomorrow day.
Crawling back to you (crawling back to you).
Ever thought of calling when you've had a few? (you've had a few).
'Cause I always do ('cause I always do).
Maybe I'm too (maybe I'm too busy) busy being yours to fall for somebody new.
Now I've thought it through.
Crawling back to you.
(Do I wanna know?).
If this feeling flows both ways?.
(Sad to see you go).
Was sort of hoping that you'd stay.
(Baby we both know).
That the nights were mainly made for saying things that you can't say tomorrow day.
(Do I wanna know?).
Too busy being yours to fall.
(Sad to see you go).
Ever thought of calling darling?.
(Do I wanna know?).
Do you want me crawling back to you?.
I'm a puppet on a string.
Tracy Island, time-traveling.
Diamond could've shaped heartaches.
Come to find you four in some velvet morning.
Years too late.
She's a silver lining lone ranger riding.
Through an open space.
In my mind when she's not right there beside me.
I go crazy 'cause here isn't where I wanna be.
And satisfaction feels like a distant memory.
And I can't help myself,.
All I wanna hear her say is "Are you mine?".
Well, are you mine?.
Are you mine?.
Are you mine?.
I guess what I'm trying to say is I need the deep end.
Keep imagining meeting, wished away entire lifetimes.
Unfair we're not somewhere misbehaving for days.
Great escape lost track of time and space.
She's a silver lining climbing on my desire.
And I go crazy 'cause here isn't where I wanna be.
And satisfaction feels like a distant memory.
And I can't help myself,.
All I wanna hear her say is "Are you mine?".
Well, are you mine? (are you mine tomorrow?).
Are you mine? (or just mine tonight?).
Are you mine? (are you mine? Mine?).
And the thrill of the chase moves in mysterious ways.
So in case I'm mistaken,.
I just wanna hear you say you got me baby.
Are you mine?.
She's a silver lining lone ranger riding through an open space.
In my mind when she's not right there beside me.
I go crazy cause here isn't where I wanna be.
And satisfaction feels like a distant memory.
And I can't help myself,.
All I wanna hear her say is "Are you mine?".
Well, are you mine? (are you mine tomorrow?).
Are you mine? (or just mine tonight?).
Are you mine? (are you mine tomorrow, or just mine tonight?).
One for the road, ooh ooh.
One for the road, ooh ooh.
From the bottom of your heart.
The relegation zone.
I saw this coming from the start.
The shake, rattle and roll.
The cracks in blackout blinds.
Cast patterns on the ceiling but you're feeling fine.
I thought it was dark outside.
I thought it was dark outside.
So we all go back to yours and you sit and talk to me on the floor.
There's no need to show me round baby, I feel like I've been in here before.
I've been wondering whether later when you tell everybody to go,.
Will you pour me one for the road?.
I knew this would be on the cards.
I knew you wouldn't fold.
I saw this coming from the start.
The shake, rattle and roll.
One for the road, ooh ooh.
So we all go back to yours and you sit and talk to me on the floor.
There's no need to show me round baby, I feel like I've been in here before.
I've been wondering whether later when you tell everybody to go,.
Will you pour me one for the road?.
The mixture hits you hard.
Don't get that sinking feeling, don't fall apart.
Some out of tune guitar.
Soundtrack to disaster.
Ooh ooh, one for the road.
Ooh ooh, one for the road.
Ooh ooh, one for the road.
Ooh ooh, one for the road.
So we all go back to yours and you sit and talk to me on the floor.
There's no need to show me round baby, I feel like I've been in here before.
I've been wondering whether later when you tell everybody to go,.
Will you pour me one for the road?.
Arabella's got some interstellagator skin boots.
And a helter skelter around her little finger and I ride it endlessly.
She's got a Barbarella silver swimsuit.
And when she needs a shelter from reality she takes a dip in my daydreams.
My days end best when this sunset gets itself.
Behind that little lady sitting on the passenger side.
It's much less picturesque without her catching the light.
The horizon tries but it's just not as kind on the eyes.
As Arabella, oh.
As Arabella.
Just might have tapped into your mind and soul.
You can't be sure.
Arabella's got a 70s head.
But she's a modern lover.
It's an exploration, she's made of outer space.
And her lips are like the galaxy's edge.
And a kiss the colour of a constellation falling into place.
My days end best when this sunset gets itself.
Behind that little lady sitting on the passenger side.
It's much less picturesque without her catching the light.
The horizon tries but it's just not as kind on the eyes.
As Arabella, oh.
As Arabella.
Just might have tapped into your mind and soul.
You can't be sure.
That's magic in a cheetah print coat.
Just a slip underneath it I hope.
Asking if I can have one of those.
Organic cigarettes that she smokes.
Wraps her lips round the Mexican coke.
Makes you wish that you were the bottle.
Takes a sip of your soul and it sounds like....
Just might have tapped into your mind and soul.
You can't be sure.
Blind faith.
Heartache.
Mind games.
Mistakes.
My sweet fireball.
My sweet rigmarole.
I want it all.
I want it all.
Old dogs.
New tricks.
Can you feel it?.
Space age country girl.
Stone cold miracle.
I want it all.
I want it all.
And then suddenly it hit me it's a year ago.
Since I drank miniature whiskey and we shared your coke.
Ain't it just like you to kiss me and then hit the road.
Leave me listening to the stones.
2000 light years from home.
So you're on the prowl wondering whether she left already or not.
Leather jacket, collar popped like antenna.
Never knowing when to stop.
Sunglasses indoors, par for the course.
Lights in the floors and sweat on the walls.
Cages and poles.
Call off the search for your soul, or put it on hold again.
She's having a sly indoor smoke.
She calls the folks who run this her oldest friends.
Sipping her drink and laughing at imaginary jokes.
As all the signals are sent, her eyes invite you to approach.
And it seems as though those lumps in your throat.
That you just swallowed have got you going.
Come on, come on, come on.
Come on, come on, come on.
Number one party anthem.
She's a certified mind blower, knowing full well that I don't.
May suggest there's somewhere from which you might know her.
Just to get the ball to roll.
Drunken monologues, confused because.
It's not like I'm falling in love I just want you to do me no good.
And you look like you could.
Come on, come on, come on.
Come on, come on, come on.
Number one party anthem.
Come on, come on, come on.
Before the moment's gone.
Number one party anthem.
Yeah, yeah.
The look of love - the rush of blood.
The "She's with me" - the Gallic shrug.
The shutterbugs - the Camera Plus.
The black and white - the colour dodge.
The good time girls - the cubicles.
The house of fun - the number one party anthem.
Come on, come on, come on.
Come on, come on, come on.
Come on, come on, come on.
Come on, come on, come on.
Before the moment's gone.
Number one party anthem.
Number one party anthem.
Number one party anthem.
Yeah, yeah.
Mad sounds in your ears make you feel alright.
They bring you back to life.
Mad sounds in your ears, they make you get up and dance.
They make you get up.
Yeah, they make you get up.
Love buckles under the strain of those wild nights.
Run but you cannot hide.
Mad sounds in your ears make you get up and dance.
Make you get up.
All night long reappear.
Make you get up and dance.
Yeah, they make you get up.
Suppose you've gotta do what you gotta do.
We just weren't feeling how we wanted to.
You sit and try sometimes but you just can't figure out what went wrong.
Then out of nowhere somebody comes and hits you with an.
Ooh la la la la....
(Ooh la la la la...).
You got those mad sounds in your ears to make you get up and dance.
Mad sounds in your ears make you get up and dance.
Well don't they make you get up.
Yeah, they make you get up.
I can't explain but I want to try.
There's this image of you and I.
And it goes dancing by in the morning and in the night time.
There's all these secrets that I can't keep.
Like in my heart there's that hotel suite and you lived there so long,.
It's kinda strange now you're gone.
I'm not sure if I should show you what I've found.
Has it gone for good?.
Or is it coming back around?.
Isn't it hard to make up your mind?.
When you're losing and your fuse is fireside.
There's all those places we used to go.
And I suspect you already know.
But that place on memory lane you liked still looks the same.
But something about it's changed.
I'm not sure if I should show you what I've found.
Has it gone for good?.
Or is it coming back around?.
Isn't it hard to make up your mind?.
When you're losing and your fuse is fireside.
And I thought I was yours forever.
Maybe I was mistaken but I just cannot manage to make it through the day.
Without thinking of you lately.
I'm not sure if I should show you what I've found.
Has it gone for good?.
Or is it coming back around?.
Isn't it hard to make up your mind?.
When you're losing and your fuse is fireside.
The mirror's image.
Tells me it's home time.
But I'm not finished.
'Cause you're not by my side.
And as I arrived I thought I saw you leaving.
Carrying your shoes.
Decided that once again I was just dreaming.
Of bumping into you.
Now it's three in the morning and I'm trying to change your mind.
Left you multiple missed calls and to my message you reply,.
"Why'd you only call me when you're high?.
Hi, why'd you only call me when you're high?".
Somewhere darker.
Talking the same shite.
I need a partner (hey).
Well, are you out tonight?.
It's harder and harder to get you to listen.
More I get through the gears.
Incapable of making alright decisions.
And having bad ideas.
Now it's three in the morning and I'm trying to change your mind.
Left you multiple missed calls and to my message you reply (message you reply),.
"Why'd you only call me when you're high? (why'd you only call me when you're high?).
Hi, why'd you only call me when you're high?".
And I can't see you here wonder where I might?.
Sort of feels like I'm running out of time.
I haven't found what I was hoping to find.
You said, "You gotta be up in the morning, gonna have an early night..
And you're starting to bore me, baby..
Why'd you only call me when you're high?".
Why'd you only ever phone me when you're high?.
Why'd you only ever phone me when you're high?.
Why'd you only ever phone me when you're high?.
Why'd you only ever phone me when you're high?.
What's been happening in your world?.
What have you been up to?.
I heard that you fell in love.
Or near enough.
I gotta tell you the truth….
I wanna grab both your shoulders and shake baby.
Snap out of it (Snap out of it).
I get the feeling I left it too late, but baby.
Snap out of it (Snap out of it).
If that watch don't continue to swing or the fat lady fancies having a sing.
I'll be here waiting ever so patiently for you to.
Snap out of it.
Forever isn't for everyone.
Is forever for you?.
It sounds like settling down or giving up.
But it don't sound much like you girl.
I wanna grab both your shoulders and shake baby.
Snap out of it (Snap out of it).
I get the feeling I left it too late, but baby.
Snap out of it (Snap out of it).
If that watch don't continue to swing or the fat lady fancies having a sing.
I'll be here waiting ever so patiently for you to.
Snap out of it.
Under a spell you're hypnotized.
Darling how could you be so blind?.
(Snap out of it).
Under a spell you're hypnotized.
Darling how could you be so blind?.
I wanna grab both your shoulders and shake baby.
Snap out of it (Snap out of it).
I get the feeling I left it too late, but baby.
Snap out of it (Snap out of it).
If that watch don't continue to swing or the fat lady fancies having a sing.
I'll be here waiting ever so patiently for you to.
Snap out of it.
You got the lights on in the afternoon.
And the nights are drawn out long.
And you're kissing to cut through the gloom.
With a cough-drop-coloured tongue.
And you were sitting in the corner with the coats all piled high.
And I thought you might be mine.
In a small world on an exceptionally rainy Tuesday night.
In the right place and time.
When the zeros line up on the 24 hour clock.
When you know who's calling even though the number is blocked.
When you waltz around your house wearing my sky blue Lacoste.
And your knee socks.
Well you cured my January blues.
Yeah you made it all alright.
I got a feeling I might have lit the very fuse.
That you were trying not to light.
You were a stranger in my phonebook I was acting like I knew.
'Cause I had nothing to lose.
When the winter's in full swing and your dreams just aren't coming true.
Ain't it funny what you'll do.
When the zeros line up on the 24 hour clock.
When you know who's calling even though the number is blocked.
When you waltz around your house wearing my sky blue Lacoste.
And your knee socks.
The late afternoon.
The ghost in your room that you always thought didn't approve of you knocking boots.
Never stopped you letting me get hold of the sweet spot by the scruff of your.
Knee socks.
You and me could have been a team.
Each had a half of a king and queen seat.
Like the beginning of Mean Streets.
You could Be My Baby.
[4x].
(All the zeros lined up but the number's blocked when you've come undone).
When the zeros line up on the 24 hour clock.
When you know who's calling even though the number is blocked.
When you waltz around your house wearing my sky blue Lacoste.
And your knee socks.
[2x].
I wanna be your vacuum cleaner.
Breathing in your dust.
I wanna be your Ford Cortina.
I won't ever rust.
If you like your coffee hot.
Let me be your coffee pot.
You call the shots babe.
I just wanna be yours.
Secrets I have held in my heart.
Are harder to hide than I thought.
Maybe I just wanna be yours.
I wanna be yours, I wanna be yours.
Wanna be yours, wanna be yours, wanna be yours.
Let me be your 'leccy meter and I'll never run out.
And let me be the portable heater that you'll get cold without.
I wanna be your setting lotion (I wanna be).
Hold your hair in deep devotion (how deep?).
At least as deep as the Pacific Ocean.
I wanna be yours.
Secrets I have held in my heart.
Are harder to hide than I thought.
Maybe I just wanna be yours.
I wanna be yours, I wanna be yours.
Wanna be yours, wanna be yours, wanna be yours.
Wanna be yours, wanna be yours, wanna be yours....
I wanna be your vacuum cleaner.
Breathing in your dust.
I wanna be your Ford Cortina.
I won't ever rust.
I just wanna be yours.
(Wanna be yours).
I just wanna be yours.
(Wanna be yours).
I just wanna be yours.
(Wanna be yours).
What a beautiful face.
I have found in this place.
That is circling all round the sun.
What a beautiful dream.
That could flash on the screen.
In a blink of an eye and be gone from me.
Soft and sweet.
Let me hold it close and keep it here with me.
And one day we will die.
And our ashes will fly from the aeroplane over the sea.
But for now we are young.
Let us lay in the sun.
And count every beautiful thing we can see.
Love to be.
In the arms of all I'm keeping here with me.
What a curious life.
We have found here tonight.
There is music that sounds from the street.
There are lights in the clouds.
Anna's ghost all around.
Hear her voice as it's rolling and ringing through me.
Soft and sweet.
How the notes all bend and reach above the trees.
Oh how I remember you.
How I would push my fingers through.
Your mouth to make those muscles move.
That made your voice so smooth and sweet.
But now we keep where we don't know.
All secrets sleep in winter clothes.
With one you loved so long ago.
Now he don't even know his name.
What a beautiful face.
I have found in this place.
That is circling all round the sun.
And when we meet on a cloud.
I'll be laughing out loud.
I'll be laughing with everyone I see.
Can't believe how strange it is to be anything at al.
When you were young you were the king of carrot flowers.
And how you built a tower tumbling through the trees.
In holy rattlesnakes that fell all around your feet.
And your mom would stick a fork right into daddy's shoulder.
And dad would throw the garbage all across the floor.
As we would lay and learn what each other's bodies were for.
And this is the room one afternoon I knew I could love you.
And from above you how I sank into your soul.
Into that secret place where no one dares to go.
And your mom would drink until she was no longer speaking.
And dad would dream of all the different ways to die.
Each one a little more than he could dare to try.
love you Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ, I love you, yes I do.
I love you Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ, I love you, yes I do.
And on the lazy days.
The dogs dissolve and drain away.
The world it goes and always waits.
The day we are awaitin.
Up and over, we go through the wave and undertow.
I will float until I learn how to swim.
Inside my mother in a garbage bin.
Until I find myself again, again.
Up and over we go with mouths open wide and spitting still.
I will spit until I learn how to speak.
Up through the doorway as the sideboards creak.
With them ever proclaiming me, me.
Up and over we go, the weight it sits on down and I don't know.
I will shout until they know what I mean.
I mean the marriage of a dead dog sing.
And a synthetic flying machine, machine.
Two headed boy.
All floating in glass.
The sun it has passed.
Now it's blacker than black.
I can hear as you tap on your jar.
I am listening to hear where you are.
I am listening to hear where you are.
Two headed boy.
Put on Sunday shoes.
And dance round the room to accordion keys.
With the needle that sings in your heart.
Catching signals that sound in the dark.
Catching signals that sound in the dark.
We will take off our clothes.
And they'll be placing fingers through the notches in your spine.
And when all is breaking.
Everything that you could keep beside.
Now your eyes ain't moving.
Now they just lay there in their climb.
Two headed boy.
With pulleys and weights.
Creating a radio played just for two.
In the parlor with a moon across her face.
And through the music he sweetly displays.
Silver speakers that sparkle all day.
Made for his lover who's floating and choking with her hands across her face.
And in the dark we will take off our clothes.
And they'll be placing fingers through the notches in your spine.
And when all is breaking.
Everything that you could keep beside.
Now your eyes ain't moving.
Now they just lay there in their climb.
Two headed boy.
There is no reason to grieve.
The world that you need is wrapped in gold silver sleeves.
Left beneath Christmas trees in the snow.
And I will take you and leave you alone.
Watching spirals of white softly flow.
Over your eyelids and all you did.
Will wait until the point when you let go.
Two... One, two, three, four....
The only girl I've ever loved.
Was born with roses in her eyes.
But then they buried her alive.
One evening 1945.
With just her sister at her side.
And only weeks before the guns.
All came and rained on everyone.
Now she's a little boy in Spain.
Playing pianos filled with flames.
On empty rings around the sun.
All sing to say my dream has come.
But now we must pick up every piece.
Of the life we used to love.
Just to keep ourselves.
At least enough to carry on.
And now we ride the circus wheel.
With your dark brother wrapped in white.
Says it was good to be alive.
But now he rides a comet's flame.
And won't be coming back again.
The Earth looks better from a star.
That's right above from where you are.
He didn't mean to make you cry.
With sparks that ring and bullets fly.
On empty rings around your heart.
The world just screams and falls apart.
But now we must pick up every piece.
Of the life we used to love.
Just to keep ourselves.
At least enough to carry on.
And here's where your mother sleeps.
And here is the room where your brothers were born.
Indentions in the sheets.
Where their bodies once moved but don't move anymore.
And it's so sad to see the world agree.
That they'd rather see their faces fill with flies.
All when I'd want to keep white roses in their eyes.
Sweet communist, the communist daughter.
Standing on the sea-weed water.
Semen stains the mountaintops.
Semen stains the mountaintops.
With coca leaves along the border.
Sweetness swings from every corner.
Cars careening from the clouds.
The bridges burst and twist around.
And wanting something warm and moving.
Bend towards herself, the soothing.
Proves that she must still exist.
She moves herself about her fist.
Sweet communist, the communist daughter.
Standing on the sea-weed water.
Semen stains the mountaintops.
Semen stains the mountaintops.
Oh comely, I will be with you when you lose your breath,.
Chasing the only meaningful memory you thought you had left..
With some pretty, bright and bubbly terrible scene.
That was doing her thing on your chest..
But oh comely,.
It isn't as pretty as you'd like to guess.
In your memory, you're drunk on your awe to me.
It doesn't mean anything at all..
Oh comely,.
All of your friends are all letting you blow,.
Bristling and ugly, bursting with fruits falling out from the holes.
Of some pretty, bright, and bubbly friend.
You could need to say comforting things in your ear.
But oh comely,.
There isn't such one friend that you could find here..
Standing next to me,.
He's only my enemy.
I'll crush him with everything I own..
Say what you want to say.
Hang for your hollow ways.
Moving your mouth to pull out.
All your miracle aimed for me..
Your father made fetuses with flesh licking ladies,.
While you and your mother were asleep in the trailer park..
Thunderous sparks from the dark of the stadiums,.
The music and medicine you needed for comforting..
So make all your fat fleshy fingers to moving,.
And pluck all your silly strings, bend all your notes for me..
Soft silly music is meaningful magical,.
The movements were beautiful, all in your ovaries..
All of them milking with green fleshy flowers,.
While powerful pistons were sugary sweet machines..
Smelling of semen all under the garden.
Was all you were needing when you still believed in me..
Say what your want to say..
Hang for your hollow ways..
Moving your mouth to pull out.
All your miracle aimed for me..
And I know they buried her body with others,.
Her sister and mother and five-hundred families..
And will she remember me fifty years later?.
I wished I could save her in some sort of time machine..
Know all your enemies..
We know who our enemies are..
Know all your enemies..
We know who our enemies are..
Goldaline, my dear,.
We will fold and freeze together.
Far away from here..
There is sun and spring and green forever..
But now we move to feel for ourselves inside some stranger's stomach..
Place your body here,.
Let your skin begin to blend itself with mine..
Ghost, ghost, I know you were within me, feel you as you fly.
In thunder clouds above the city, into one that I loved.
With all that was left within me 'till we tore in two.
Now wings and rings and there's so many waiting here for you.
And she was born in a bottle rocket, 1929.
With wings that ringed around a socket right between her spine.
All drenched in milk in holy water pouring from the sky.
I know that she will live forever, she won't ever die.
She goes.
And now she knows she'll never be afraid.
To watch the morning paper blow.
Into a hole where no one can escape.
And one day in New York City, baby, a girl fell from the sky.
From the top of a burning apartment building fourteen stories high.
And when her spirit left her body, how it split the sun.
I know that she will live forever, all goes on and on.
And she goes.
And now she knows she'll never be afraid.
To watch the morning paper blow.
Into a hole where no one can escape.
Daddy, please hear this song that I sing.
In your heart there's a spark that just screams for a lover to bring.
A child to your chest that could lay as you sleep.
And love all you have left like your boy used to be long ago, wrapped in sheets warm and wet.
Blister please with those wings in your spine.
Love to be with a brother of mine, how he'd love to find.
Your tongue in his teeth in a struggle to find.
Secret songs that you keep wrapped in boxes so tight, sounding only at night as you sleep.
And in my dreams you're alive and you're crying.
As your mouth moves in mine, soft and sweet.
Rings of flowers 'round your eyes and I'll love you.
For the rest of your life when you're ready.
Brother, see we are one in the same.
And you left with your head filled with flames and you watched as your brains.
Fell out through your teeth, push the pieces in place, make your smile sweet to see.
Don't you take this away, I'm still wanting my face on your cheek.
And when we break, we'll wait for our miracle.
God is a place where some holy spectacle lies.
When we break, we'll wait for our miracle.
God is a place you will wait for the rest of your life.
Two-headed boy, she is all you could need.
She will feed you tomatoes and radio wires.
And retire to sheets safe and clean.
But don't hate her when she gets up to leave.
Where we were kinda thing.
Bet she crawl, all alone.
Where we were kinda thing.
Bet she crawl, all alone.
Where we were kinda thing.
Bet she crawl, all alone.
Where we were kinda thing.
Bet she crawl, all alone.
Who am I?.
Rec League, I ain't paying to ball.
Y'all B-string like a broke guitar.
And I still put it down like the family dog.
Yeah, I murder some, I murder one.
Explain it all, Ferguson.
We ain't gotta sing the same old love song.
Cut a white girl with the same black gloves on.
Yeah, what you saying to it?.
Old money look, no money don't do it.
Make 'em turn around in their lane like a U-ey.
And I'm only looking back if I'm looking at her booty.
(At her boooty) What's the rationale?.
They wanna smoke s when they Black & Mild.
So we acting out (Okay, cool).
(Blue dream by the bouquet 'til I'm blue-faced on a Tuesday).
Can I have some? #sBeLike.
Put a +18 on a e-vite.
And I said what I felt, no re-write.
Nah nah, they can't hold me.
June/July, drop something.
I double dare you, I'm Marc Summers.
I scorch winters, I burn autumns.
Gut s, so Kurt Vonne.
Elle Varner, got a crush on her.
I gotta wait in line for that.
Ain't nobody got time for that.
Ain't nobody gotta rhyme with that.
Too true like it's 2 Chainz.
Blue blood like he both gangs.
Blow up.
World Star befo' rap, you already know that.
So Fresh Prince they about to bring the show back.
Listening to Kilo, weekend cost a kilo.
Hair so long, I'm about to bring the fro back.
Phone call gotta say "Moshi moshi" (Moshi moshi).
Girlfriend actin' all wishy-washy (wishy-washy).
It's your birthday, make it earthquake.
Fell in love with a  like a mermaid (Daddy, I love him!).
That's a first date, nobody think about it, worst case.
Best case, we the front page, 10K on the first day.
Yeah, mothafucka, take your phone out.
To record this, ain't nobody can ignore this.
I'm more or less a moral-less individual.
Making movies with criminals, tryin' to get them residuals.
When it all go crazy, when I hear that action, I'm a be Scorsese.
My  hold it horizontal man, be professional (Worldstar!).
My girl ain't bad, she more like evil.
When I'm lookin' in the mirror, how fly's this negro?.
She on Hollywood and Vine, thinkin' that she Hollywood on Vine.
Makin' movies with her friends all the time.
Showin' off her ass, that's a net twerk.
But I saw through it like a wet shirt.
Drive slow cause you might swerve off it.
Still eat and the hate so salty.
Put shrooms in my roommate's coffee.
And got more likes than a white girl talking.
More hits than a fight comp, where they fight cops 'til they stop.
When I heard shots, watching dude drop from a Glock at a [Shots fired].
Let me flash on 'em, we all big brother now.
Lil' sis, let her run around, money talking, you know the sound.
Brrrr, money counter, brrrr, AK, brrrr, cell phone, brrrr, hello?.
Yo, bro man, check out that video I just sent you, man. This shit's hilarious, man. It's like this kid, man, he got like, he got like hit on the side of the head, man, he's like freakin' out. Like, it's like....
We don't wanna be on (Worldstar!).
And all I wanna be is a (Worldstar!).
t a Clippers game on the courtside.
Watch a  shoot like a four-five.
They mad at me too, I got more fire.
When these bitches see you "Go home, Roger" (Go home, Roger).
Tia and Tamara in my bed, I'm a smart guy.
I ain't fucking with you s like apartheid.
Hits on my list, check my archive.
I'm something so immaculate, instead of asking what's happening.
Rather blast a Jackson 5 in the back of an Acura.
Acting blacker than a Bernie Mac, two Charlie Murphys and Akon.
The girls that you brought man, where are they from?.
Where are they from? We were playing Playstation.
Why you standing there, say some, girl, say some.
No, this ain't a vacation, this is my house, my house.
Bought a new bath, 8K,.
Wanna take shots? AK,.
When I ball, I'm-a ball King James,.
Uncle Ben in my hand, make change,.
And I'm out of this world like Tang,.
That's a space bar, man, I hate y'all.
You only come around when you want to play pool in my hot tub.
Ice cream paint job in the garage.
I had a menage, and murdered the vag'.
But, afterwards, it was awkward as fuck.
Cause I'm nervous as fuck and could not get it up.
I-I-I-I-I need a minute, cold water to the face.
I-I-I couldn't finish, got the Uber from her place.
On my porch smoking vapor, hit with the Sunday paper.
Listening to the neighbors....
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.
Our neighbors, all alone, no no no no.
Ohhh no no no no.
(She said) no no no no.
Love me better, kiss me back, Listen more oh.
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more.
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more.
Yeah, no no no.
Face down in the brown grass.
Shame shame on my brown ass.
Birds in the trees as we run through.
And if I'm dead to the world, what you gon' do? What you gon' do?.
Like, (I can't remember), Shot's fired, rewind, please girl be mine.
Email denied, talk to me baby.
Before we go crazy, might do it maybe.
We were so Jay Z & Beyonce, my aunt say "keep the sex game picante".
So Aunt May, the Mary Jane that I was hitting on.
We were trying to forget there was something wrong.
Love is Russian roulette, I had the safety on.
We popped pills at the Coachella.
Put my hand in the weeds, man I can't tell her.
The fear that I feel man it might kill her.
Man it might kill her, it's the prep school mic killa'.
With the drums and the groove so it feel Dilla.
I don't care what he say.
I'm a get my platinum back like I'm a half ton gorilla.
You can hang, but homie, on the low.
But your boy sound weak like a week ago.
But we ain't speaking though.
Tuesday afternoon, I ain't got shit to do.
But fall in love with you.
Love me better, kiss me back, Listen more oh.
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more.
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more.
Yeah, no no no.
I hope you understand, I hope you understand.
I hope you understand now.
When that beat drop.
Oh no no no.
(I hope you understand) I hope you understand.
Cause everywhere I go.
Everything I see.
I just hope you understand.
Won't let me call in the back.
Why is he calling me black?.
Why ain't you calling me back?.
I was making Japanese.
And she's watching DVDs.
In Oakland, in Oakland.
Now I'm driving up the 5.
And she waits till I arrive.
In Oakland, in Oakland.
Everything, that I wanted.
Only gotta drive for the moment.
If you tell me "turn around," then I'm on it.
For the moment, but you know me.
You know how I get when I'm lonely.
I think about you and the moments.
But everything you do is so Oakland, so Oakland.
Foot on the gas.
I'm just trying to pass.
All the red lights.
And the stop signs.
I'm ready to go.
Before I get to The Bay.
Babe, that's a problem.
Because I'm way too scared to call.
And you might get me to stay, no.
I don't really want to drive.
But I think I'd rather die.
In Oakland, in Oakland.
With my hands on two and ten.
So I guess it all depends.
On Oakland, on Oakland.
And I'm nervous, truth be told.
I never saw me growing old.
In Oakland, in Oakland.
And if I married you tonight.
It would probably start a riot.
In Oakland, in Oakland.
Everything, that I needed.
Now I finally got you in your feelings.
Everything you won't say, you tweet it.
And a  don’t like that shit at all.
So retreating.
Can we just roll with the feeling?.
Can we just roll for a minute?.
Wait a minute.
Foot on the gas.
I'm just tryna pass.
All the red lights.
And the stop signs.
I'm ready to go.
I'm really not ready girl.
That's a problem.
Cause I'm way too scared to fall.
And I know that you choose to stay, no.
All the girlfriends saying "here we go again".
Rich kid but he act like a gentleman.
Last one didn't end like it should've been.
Two dates and he still wanna get it in.
And you're saying it's because of the Internet.
Try once and it's on to the next chick.
X-O the O face on your exes...right?.
And we can do the same thing if you wanna have better.
When your thoughts can't breathe and you thinking asthmatic.
And you wanna be a mom and I wasn't mad at her.
I was thinking 'bout me, I'd be really bad at it.
Cause I'm thinking 'bout me, weeks in Dubai.
Fourth of July, house in Kauai, yeah we can try.
So let's try.
Whoa.
I took off my nine to five.
But you still don't have the time to kiss me (just hit me).
And if I left you all alone, would you still pick up the phone.
It's iffy, you miss me.
I got furniture to move, and we'll both be thirty soon.
In Oakland, in Oakland.
The only one I know is you, so the fuck I'm supposed to do?.
In Oakland, in Oakland.
Watching haters wonder why Gambino got the game locked.
Half-Thai thickie, all she wanna do is Bangkok.
Got her hair done, French braids, now she A$AP.
Bino so insensitive, she asking, "Why you say that?!".
I'm chillin', real  feeling.
Rich kid, asshole: paint me as a villain.
Still spitting that cash flow: DJ Khaled.
I got a penthouse on both coasts, pH balance.
Real , I rep those, why though? Cause I said so.
Hip deep in the Pepto, I got five on her like Ben Folds.
I got more tail than that PetCo, you faker than some Sweet'N Low.
Yeah, you got some silverware, but really are you eating though?.
Are you eating though? , are you eating though?.
Breakfast, lunch and dinner's for beginners, you ain't even know.
Never catching cases, why they faces look so e-m-o?.
Watch a hater hate me, wanna play me like a piano.
My architect know Japanese, yo' girl, she chalky knees.
No hands like soccer teams and y'all fuck boys like Socrates.
You s ain't copping these, s ain't looking like me.
Nah, I ain't checking I.D. but I bounce 'em with no problem.
Tell 'em, Problem (Problem!).
I'm winnin', yeah, yeah, I'm winnin'.
Rich kid, asshole, paint me as a villain.
Don't be mad cause I'm doing me better than you doing you.
Better than you doing you, fuck it, what you gon' do?.
Different color, my passport, Instagram my stack load.
Hashtag my day wear and your girl drink my day care..
And I'm born rich, life ain't fair (silver spoon coon, ho).
Ain't nobody sicker and my Fisker "vroom, vroom, " ho.
Ain't nobody.
Fiskers don't make noise when they start up, just so you know.
Top of the Hold 'em totem, rich forever, a million was not the quota.
My father owned half of MoMA and did it with no diploma.
Year off, got no rules, tripping off of them toadstools.
More green than my Whole Foods and I'm too fly, Jeff Goldblum.
Got a glass house in the Palisades, that a-k-a.
White hood, white hood, (okay-kay-kay).
Furniture custom, you shop at IKEA.
So Maserati, you whipping a Kia.
Spending this money, it's longer than Nia.
Live like a Coppola, me and Sofia.
Waking up broke, man, wouldn't wanna be ya.
Friends with the dope man, help a  re-up.
Bring a girlfriend, man, trouble when I see her.
"Err-err-err-err": onomatopoeia, oh, I got my cool on! (tailormade).
I'm winning so they had to dump the Gatorade.
And I don't give a fuck about my family name.
No matter what you say or what you do.
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you.
Fuck these other s, I'll be right by your side.
Till 3005, hold up.
Hold up, wait a minute, all good just a week ago.
Crew at my house and we party every weekend so.
On the radio, that's my favorite song.
Made me bounce around, like I don't know, like I won't be here long.
Now the thrill is gone.
Got no patience, cause I'm not a doctor.
Girl why is you lying, girl why you Mufasa.
Yeah, mi casa su casa, gotta strip it like Gaza.
Got so high off volcanoes, now the flow is so lava.
Yeah, we spit that saliva, iPhone got message from Viber.
Either the head is so hydra, or we let bygones be bygones.
"My God, you pay for your friends?" I'll take that as a compliment.
Got a house full of homies, why I feel so the opposite?.
Incompetent ain't the half of it.
Saturdays with young lavishes.
Saddest shit, is I'm bad as it.
These they took from the cabinet (woah).
Sorry, I'm just scared of the future.
Till 3005, I got your back, we can do this, hold up.
No matter what you say or what you do.
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you.
Fuck these other s, I'll be right by your side.
Till 3005.
Hold up (hold up).
I used to care what people thought.
But now I care more.
I mean nobody out here's got it figured out.
So therefore, I've lost all hope of a happy ending.
Depending on whether or not it's worth it.
So insecure, no one's perfect.
We spend it, with no shame.
We blow that, like Coltrane.
We in here, like Rogain.
Or leave it, like Cobain.
And when I'm long gone, whole crew sing a swan song.
Cause we all just ticking time bombs, got a lambo like Lebron's mom.
And no matter where all of my friends go.
Emily, Fam, and Lorenzo.
All of them people my kinfolk.
At least I think so.
Can't tell.
Cause when them checks clear, they're not here.
Cause they don't care.
It's kinda sad, but I'm laughing whatever happens.
Assassins are stabbed in the back of my cabin.
Labrador yapping.
I'm glad that it happened, I mean it.
Between us, I think there's something special.
And if I lose my mental, just hold my hand.
Even if you don't understand, hold up.
We gon' have a party.
All my friends will be there.
We drink all vodka.
There's music everywhere.
Now wait a minute (wait a minute) do you like to party?.
Cause if you don't, don't come over here.
We got smoking (blue dream).
Drinking (Cocaine).
Fucking.
I wanna show you what it is.
Thought I was done but that wasn't the case.
Got a new stack that I threw in your face.
Got a new girl and she look Mila Kunis.
Infinity pool, and a statue that's Buddhist.
Got bottles and bottles and bottles of Grino.
Saw I was rich, now they fuckin' with 'Bino.
Brown leather bag, the vacation Messina.
The boat in the harbor, I rule the marina.
10K for the drinks, now they say I'm insane.
It's been that for a minute, now Hedi Slimane.
I been black, lucrative, since Danity Kane.
Who came back for a minute, now everything changed.
High as a kite, lime in the light.
Y'all s might whine every night.
I ain't invite all these people to my motherfuckin' house.
Get the fuck out of my house!.
Don't go, gotta know.
Please don't run away.
I'm a murderer.
What can I say?.
Don't go, gotta know.
Please don't run away.
I'm a murderer.
What does that change?.
Can't sleep.
3 A.M., stare at the ceilin', murder the feelin'.
Spider crawl in the corner, brown recluse.
So appropriate, cornucopia.
So be it, say I'm over it.
Playin' Lil Durk, "Dis Ain't What U Want".
Look at my feet, I put my sneakers in the trunk.
Pass a Fatburger through Atwater village.
Laugh for a minute, couldn't cry for the life of me.
Park by the bridge, sit on the hood, look at the cars.
Stare at my hands, look at the moon, I can't find it, it's gone.
What's wrong? Didn't respond when I texted you last night, you alright?.
Yeah.
Man there's a star bound to a body inside of me.
20 million degrees, burn a man to his knees.
Late at night in a hurry bought a McFlurry and half of an apple pie.
When I'm laughin' I'm satisfied, when I'm dyin', I'm still alive, strange position.
I'm in a good mood...so good I'mma kill that spider.
In spite of the kinda things they told me bein' alone don't mean that you lonely.
Alone means that you finally get it, admit it.
Go home, lock up the door, fold up the clothes.
Watch cartoons for an hour, turn off the lights.
I had a dream.
I had a dream I was flying over all of us.
There were so many pretty people.
So many pretty faces.
I talked to some birds.
I fell in love again.
And none of this ever ended.
Everything just kept going, and going and going.
And even when you laughed, when you cried.
And even when you were sad you were really happy.
Because you were here.
And I got to meet every star, every planet.
Everything that made me.
And we all kissed.
And became the same.
We became the same.
We became the same.
Who would have thought this.
We almost lost it.
When you lie inside darkness it's hard to see.
And we sleep in tradition.
Keep them off in the distance.
To tell you that I haven't been.
We are all.
Cold water.
Why try at all?.
Why bother?.
Just hold me close my darling.
Who would have dreamed this?.
You couldn't mean this.
It would be some type of meanness to where you are.
Cause I don't know where to go.
And no one else seems to know.
We are all.
Night's fallen.
Why try at all?.
Dark callin'.
So we're left alone.
No one left to call upon.
Be still now, broken bones.
As I travel on just hold me close my darling.
When we were coming down they said it was too soon.
I never had to lie no no no no.
We were coming down, they left us all alone.
Way to nowhere, nowhere. I know you've been around.
I feel you in and out, how are you?.
Do you sleep? Are you with me?.
We used to be unspoken.
Now everything is broken.
I'm a good son.
I'm a good son.
You're a good son.
You're a good son.
Arlanda hotel to the bar.
Young girl with an accent with her back bent.
Ass out to the whole world.
We can buy it out for tonight.
Stepping outside for a light.
No coke, and I just smoke vapor, no papers.
Slow poke and I don't know about photos.
Let's go though.
How old are you?.
Saying that you never date older dudes.
That's why I never wanna say no to you.
The coldest dude to hold a grove with no kids.
Can't hold his goose.
I'ma walk out; wanna walk too?.
What about dude?.
Fuck it, I just really wanna feel something.
It took me like five minutes to figure out what voices those were on the phone.
But it figured it out....
Is it real, cause you're online?.
I'm a freaky bitch.
I'm 5 foot 8. 390.
And I am a freaky bitch.
Heathen.
It's a struggle just to keep breathing.
Existential asthmatic, puff puff pass addict.
Crafmatic, making moves but they sleeping on me.
We can kick it like it's FIFA, homie.
Nevertheless, I got that fresh like it was Crest.
Crying cause I'm stressed. TMJ or TMI, it's a lie that you're living.
I never understood the hate on a 's preference.
When every marriage is a same sex marriage.
Same sex everyday, monotonous.
Lost god never pray, forgotten us.
Lost love, never say it just like our parents.
Too much power ain't enough power.
Brain splattered like I've fallen off a Watchtower.
And anybody can walk into any Denny's.
And wait until I'm walking in it with a gun that they 3D printed and I finish it.
Kinison said if you gonna miss heaven....
Why do it by two inches?.
Old money and new bitches.
watch them all pass by.
The moon & the stars.
Let me hold you in my arms, for evermore.
These cold nights, the park is ours.
Standing, by the side.
Let you go, on to the sea, just for me.
Don't ever limit my love.
Keep holding on.
Let the modest go.
As my mind goes to and fro.
Waking up for one more show.
We see him in the night.
Tell him I'm not afraid of him.
I'm not afraid of them.
Cause I won't know.
How could you ever question? They know better to mention.
The Budget truck ain't just enough to make her pay attention.
The who, what, why, and where, they sport the flyest pairs.
She got the nicest hair, and she know life is better with this liquor.
It's crazy how the world look different.
It's crazy how the girls look different.
The colors and the sounds so vivid.
You never catch your boy bo-bimbin'.
Me sittin' on the sidewalk, now that don't sound right.
But as long as I look fly by prom night, go.
He slangs, his yay, through the corridors.
Every day, 20 K, yep, at the very least for sure.
And they say there's no way I should stay with someone like you.
But I tell them no.
There's no way I could stray, gotta stay with someone like you.
Cause I know one day, you could take me away, far away.
I know you could pay all the money you make.
There'll be plenty of sunshine.
When the world was with this and that.
I was young, didn't know to hold it back.
Now we here and the world is something else.
We could leave any day you call for help.
We were gods, nobody was above me.
That "A" on my chest like adultery.
That "A" on my chest, put your fist up.
That "A" on my chest like a chipmunk.
Alvin, Theodore.
Breathe in, breathe out, mi amor.
Breathe in, breathe out, nevermind.
It was time, number nine, lies.
Feline with a deathwish.
E-vite didn't help shit.
No name on the guest list.
Hold on, we're destined.
See now I don't wanna see an era (an era).
See now I just wanna live forever.
Maybe it's the last night.
Yeah, break free from all of the insides.
They godless, denied us.
But we don't give a damn about the next day.
We were never here, never know if the world change.
Common sense, the consequences.
Retweet the tweet then regret the mentions.
We are the wireless survivors of things gone.
Slaves to the unnamed, never live long.
Live and die by the line, never know fear.
Even I won't survive, is it unfair?.
Is it unfair? Cause I don't care.
When I step on that ant on the grass.
Progress the only thing that will last.
3005. The year that we fear, only God will survive.
To be alone is alive.
Man made the web, you don't need a name.
Man made of faults, I ain't too ashamed.
Every thought I had, put it in a box.
Everybody see it just before the cops.
Trolling, trolling, trolling these s.
Rick Rolling these s, they mad cause they don't know any better.
"Hold up, it's the kid, quick, tell him he can't sit with us".
Fuck it, got money, bought friends like I'm TBS.
VVS, I can see it all with the clarity.
Real-D, hope they dig a  before they bury me.
Even though, we were told to go where they wouldn't go.
Hella slow, that's that dial up, watch it pile up.
We are the dreams of our parents lost in the future.
Who hide the deepest desires and wear a mask like a lucha-.
Door open, we were smoking in the hotel.
The vapors went through the hallway, the manager pissed as hell.
I mean where's the line between Donnie G and Gambino?.
He hang with girls like he Lena, but needed some time to re up.
Tequila in the cantina, 30 dollars I swallowed.
The sauce was so malo then she said "you need to grow up.
You been doing this for too long.
That camp was a million years ago, sing me a different song".
Whether you're trolling or controlling, just a reminder.
You think you get it, you don't, it's the Andrew Auernheimer.
I'm gone - now I'm back.
Give a fuck or give 'em hell, just not a chance to react.
Tyler Durden this burden, hurtin', they said there was curtains.
Certain demise, look in his eyes, the pain inadvertent.
I could've stayed where I was and have a life you'd be proud of.
But I'd rather chase things never thought of.
It was all love, saying "go hard".
Making dope, it's a trap, Ackbar backfired.
Panic dreams, so it seems we're meant to die.
I had to figure it out; "it's the best," no, that's a lie.
Had to get some stuff off my chest, I vaporized.
High on my own, it took time to realize.
Because the internet, mistakes are forever.
But if we fuck up on this journey at least we're together.
Man, I wish I could go back and tell that kid it's make-believe.
Make 'em believe in themselves, people who needed my help.
Feelings I felt, keeling myself.
No one's ever been this lost.
I just get the information retweeted or say it sucks.
I just got the motivation, your talent's just a bunch of luck.
Hard work and dedication, but lately it's run amok.
Waking up in these places I don't remember.
Texts from people I never met, doors left open.
(Who are you? Don't do it. Who are you?).
I don't know who I am anymore.
Still on the beat though.
Still in the game, but he moves with a cheat code.
Slowest connection ever, my life inside a computer.
Them bands that'll make 'em dance, my wallet's Lollapalooza.
The violence, first-person shooter.
First person to move, first person to speak.
My mils aren't meek, they scream in the streets.
Losing my frame of reference, these pieces are shit with breakfast.
Funny the day you born that's really your death sentence.
I met this girl at a dinner, we conversating.
She beautiful in the face, but her voice is truly amazing.
And plus she write her own shit, becoming so close knit.
Smoke up and talking to eat, she helping me focus.
No Anna Nicole Smith, she getting hers.
s taking props like a musical live and learn.
She say she feel alone all the time, I'm similar.
I meet her in my dreams on the moon, I visit her.
Every night I text her "I wanna solve the world, I think I need your help".
She text me "how you gon' trust somebody when you don't trust yourself?".
I mean she right though, 45 like a light-bulb.
And I could've died like my iPhone, but I kept going like a psycho.
And I took chance like a dice roll, dropping jewels like it's puberty.
Wrote a note on the glass, "you see what these labels do to me".
Texts said "I'm Wet", I said "hold up, wait up a minute".
H2O plus my D, that's the hood I'm living in it.
Never forget this feeling, never gonna reach a million.
Eventually all my followers realize they don't need a leader.
Stay on your own shit, fuck what these clones think.
Just remember that you the shit, but act like it don't stink.
We were childish but had to grow up.
When you spitting real shit eventually you throw up.
Realities like allergies, I'm afraid to go nuts.
Life's the biggest troll but the joke is on us.
Yeah, the joke's you showed up.
You're here now. You have to help me.
You have to help me.
I need you. You have to help me.
You have to help me.
You have to help me.
Please help me.
Please help me.
Please.
Please help me.
am an American aquarium drinker.
I assassin down the avenue.
I'm hiding out in the big city blinking.
What was I thinking when I let go of you?.
Let's forget about the tongue-tied lightning.
Let's undress just like cross-eyed strangers.
This is not a joke, so please stop smiling.
What was I thinking when I said it didn't hurt?.
I want to glide through those brown eyes dreaming.
Take it from the inside, baby hold on tight.
You were so right when you said that I've been drinking.
What was I thinking when I said good night?.
I want to hold you in the Bible-black predawn.
You're quite a quiet domino, bury me now.
Take off your Band-Aid because I don't believe in touchdowns.
What was I thinking when I said hello?.
I'd always thought that if I held you tightly.
You'd always love me like you did back then.
Then I fell asleep and the city kept blinking.
What was I thinking when I let you back in?.
I am trying to break your heart.
I am trying to break your heart.
But still I'd be lying if I said it wasn't easy.
I am trying to break your heart.
Disposable Dixie-cup drinking.
I assassin down the avenue.
I'm hiding out in the big city blinking.
What was I thinking when I let go of you?.
loves you.
I'm the man who loves you.
I need a camera to my eye.
To my eye, reminding.
Which lies I have been hiding.
which echoes belong.
I've counted out days.
to see how far.
I've driven in the dark.
with echoes in my heart.
Phone my family, tell them I'm lost.
on the sidewalk.
and, no, it's not OK.
I smashed a camera.
I wanna know why.
To my eye deciding.
which lies i have been hiding.
Which echoes belong.
I'm counting on.
a heart I know by heart.
to walk me through this war.
Memories distort.
Phone my family, tell them I'm lost.
on the sidewalk.
and, no, it's not OK.
I've counted out.
and no one knows how far.
I've driven in the dark.
with echoes in my heart.
Phone my family, tell them I'm lost.
Yeah, I'm lost.
and, no, it's not OK.
Cheer up, honey, I hope you can.
There is something wrong with me.
My mind is filled with silvery stars.
Honey, kisses, clouds of fog.
Shoulders shrugging off.
Cheer up, honey, I hope you can.
There is something wrong wit h me.
My mind is filled with radio cures.
Electronic surgical words.
Picking apples for kings and queens of things I have never seen.
Oh, distance has no way of making love understandable.
Cheer up, honey, I hope you can.
There is something wrong with me.
My mind is filled with silvery stars.
Honey, kisses, clouds of fog.
Picking apples for the kings and queens of things I've never seen.
Oh, distance has no way of making love understandable.
Oh, distance has no way of making love understandable.
Oh, distance has no way of making love understandable.
Oh, distance the way of making love understandable.
Oh, distance the way of making love understandable.
Cheer up honey, I hope you can....
There's a war on.
You're gonna lose.
You have to lose.
You have to learn how to die.
Just watching the miles flying by.
Just watching the miles flying by.
You are not my typewriter.
But you could be my demon.
moving forward through the flaming doors.
You have to lose.
You have to learn how to die.
if you want to want to be alive, okay?.
You have to lose.
You have to lose.
You have to learn how to die.
if you want to want to be alive.
You have to die.
You have to die.
You have to learn how to die.
if you want to want to be alive, okay?.
Jesus, don't cry.
You can rely on me, honey.
You can combine anything you want.
I'll be around.
You were right about the stars.
Each one is a setting sun.
Tall buildings shake.
Voices escape singing sad sad songs.
tuned to chords.
Strung down your cheeks.
Bitter melodies turning your orbit around.
Don't cry.
You can rely on me honey.
You can come by any time you want.
I'll be around.
You were right about the stars.
Each one is a setting sun.
Tall buildings shake.
Voices escape singing sad sad songs.
tuned to chords.
Strung down your cheeks.
Bitter melodies turning your orbit around.
Voices whine.
Skyscrapers are scraping together.
Your voice is smoking.
Last cigarettes are all you can get.
Turning your orbit around.
The cash machine is blue and green.
For a bundle of twenties and a small service fee.
I could spend three dollars and sixty-three cents.
On Diet Coca-Cola and unlit cigarettes.
I wonder why we listen to poets when nobody gives a fuck.
How hot and sorrowful, the machine begs for luck.
All my lies are always wishes.
I know I would die if I could come back new.
We want a good life with a nose for things.
the fresh wind and bright sky to endure my suffering.
I'm a hole without a key if I break my tongue.
Oh, speaking of tomorrow, how will it ever come?.
All my lies are always wishes.
I know I would die if I could come back new.
I'm down on my hands and knees.
every time I hear a doorbell ring.
I shake like a toothache.
every time I hear myself sing.
All my lies are only wishes.
I know I would die if I could come back new.
I would like to salute.
the ashes of American flags.
And all the fallen leaves.
filling up shopping bags.
I sincerely miss those heavy metal bands.
I used to go see on the landing in the summer.
She fell in love with the drummer.
She fell in love with the drummer.
She fell in love.
Shiny, shiny pants and bleach-blond hair.
A double kick drum by the river in the summer.
She fell in love with the drummer.
Another and another.
She fell in love.
I miss the innocence I've known.
Playing KISS covers, beautiful and stoned.
Unlock my body and move myself to dance.
Moving warm liquid, flowing blowing glass.
Classical music blasting masks the ringing in my ears.
I sincerely miss those heavy metal bands.
I used to go see on the landing in the summer.
She fell in love with the drummer.
She fell in love with another.
She fell in love.
I miss the innocence I've known.
Playing KISS covers, beautiful and stoned.
Playing KISS covers, beautiful and stoned.
Playing KISS covers, beautiful and stoned.
All I can see is black and white.
and white and pink with blades of blue.
that lay between the words I think.
on a page I was meaning to send her.
You I couldn't tell if it bring my heart.
the way I wanted when I started.
writing this letter to you.
If I could you know I would.
just hold your hand and you'd understand.
I'm the man who loves you.
All I can be is a busy sea of.
spinning wheels and hands that feel.
for stones to throw and feet that run but.
they come back home, make no difference.
ever known, make no difference.
ever known to me.
If I could you know I would.
just hold your hand and you'd understand.
I'm the man who loves you.
All I can see is black and white.
and white and pink with blades of blue.
that lay between the words I think.
on a page I was meaning to send her.
You I couldn't tell if it bring my heart.
the way I wanted when I started.
writing this letter to you.
If I could you know I would.
just hold your hand and you'd understand.
If I could you know I would.
just hold your hand and you'd understand.
If I could you know I would.
just hold your hand and you'd understand.
I'm the man who loves you.
I'm the man who loves you.
Crazy rides rockets.
Who has a magic wand.
Empty out your pockets.
Words without a song.
I myself have found a real rival in myself.
I am hoping for a re-arrival of my health.
Sleeping eye sockets.
Baby suck your thumb.
I'll keep you in my locket.
A string I never strum.
It's become so obvious.
You are so oblivious to yourself.
You're tied in a knot.
But I'm not gonna get caught.
Calling a pot kettle black.
Every song's a comeback.
Every moment's a little bit later.
Lazy locomotives.
wherever you may roll.
I think you have no motive.
I know you have no home.
It's become so obvious.
You are so oblivious to yourself.
You're tied in a knot.
But I'm not gonna get caught.
Calling a pot kettle black.
Every song's a comeback.
Every moment's a little bit later.
Every moment's a little bit later.
Every moment's a little bit later.
Every moment's a little bit later.
It's my father's voice dreaming of.
Sailors sailing off in the morning.
for the air-conditioned rooms.
at the top of the stairs.
His jaw's been broken.
his bandage is wrapped too tight.
his fangs have been pulled.
and i really want to see you tonight.
There's Bourbon on the breath.
of the singer you love so much.
He takes all his words from the books.
that you don't read anyway.
His jaw's been broken.
his bandage is wrapped too tight.
My fangs have been pulled.
and I really want to see you tonight.
Someone ties a bow.
in my backyard to show me love.
My voice is climbing walls.
smoking and i want love.
My jaw's been broken.
My heart is wrapped in ice.
My fangs have been pulled.
and i really want to see you tonight.
And it makes no difference to me.
how they cried all over overseas.
It's hot in the poor places tonight.
I'm not going outside.
They cried all over overseas.
It makes no difference to me.
It's hot in the poor places tonight.
I'm not going outside.
How can I convince you it's me I don't like.
And not be so indifferent to the look in your eyes.
When I've always been distant.
And I've always told lies for love.
I'm bound by these choices so hard to make.
I'm bound by the feeling so easy to fake.
None of this is real enough to take me from you.
Oh I've got reservations.
About so many things.
But not about you.
I know this isn't what you were wanting me to say.
How can I get closer and be further away.
From the truth that proves it's beautiful to lie.
I've got reservations.
About so many things.
But not about you.
I've reservations.
About so many things.
But not about you.
Not about you.
Not about you.
Not about you.
It's not about you.
Kid A, Kid A, Kid A, Kid A.
Everything, everything, everything, everything...
In its right place.
In its right place.
In its right place.
Right place.
Yesterday I woke up sucking a lemon.
Yesterday I woke up sucking a lemon.
Yesterday I woke up sucking a lemon.
Yesterday I woke up sucking a lemon.
Everything, everything, everything...
In its right place.
In its right place.
Right place.
There are two colours in my head.
There are two colours in my head.
What is that you tried to say?.
What was that you tried to say?.
Tried to say.. tried to say...
Tried to say.. tried to say...
Everything in its right place.
I slipped away.
I slipped on a little white lie.
We got heads on sticks.
You got ventriloquists.
We got heads on sticks.
You got ventriloquists.
Standing in the shadows at the end of my bed.
Rats and children follow me out of town.
Rats and children follow me out of town.
Come on kids....
Everyone.
Everyone around here.
Everyone is so near.
What's going on?.
What's going on?.
Everyone.
Everyone is so near.
Everyone has got the fear.
It's holding on.
It's holding on.
That there, that's not me.
I go where I please.
I walk through walls.
I float down the Liffey.
I'm not here.
This isn't happening.
I'm not here, I'm not here.
In a little while.
I'll be gone.
The moment's already passed.
Yeah, it's gone.
I'm not here.
This isn't happening.
I'm not here, I'm not here.
Strobe lights and blown speakers.
Fireworks and hurricanes.
I'm not here.
This isn't happening.
I'm not here, I'm not here.....
Flies are buzzing around my head.
Vultures circling the dead.
Picking up every last crumb.
The big fish eat the little ones.
The big fish eat the little ones.
Not my problem give me some.
You can try the best you can.
If you try the best you can.
The best you can is good enough.
This one's optimistic.
This one went to market.
This one just came out of the swamp.
This one dropped a payload.
Fodder for the animals.
Living on an animal farm.
If you try the best you can.
If you try the best you can.
The best you can is good enough.
I'd really like to help you man.
I'd really like to help you man......
Nervous messed up marionette.
Floating around on a prison ship.
If you try the best you can.
If you try the best you can.
The best you can is good enough.
If you try the best you can.
If you try the best you can.
I'm the first in the Irish Sea.
Another message I can't read.
I'm on your side.
Nowhere to hide.
Trapdoors that open.
I spiral down.
You're living in a fantasy world.
You're living in a fantasy world.
I'm lost at sea.
Don't bother me.
I've lost my way.
I've lost my way.
You're living in a fantasy world.
This beautiful world I'm the first in the Irish Sea.
Another message I can't read.
Who's in bunker, who's in bunker?.
Women and children first.
Women and children first.
Women and children.
I'll laugh until my head comes off.
I swallow till I burst.
Until I burst.
Until I...
Who's in bunker, who's in bunker.
I've seen too much.
I haven't seen enough.
You haven't seen enough.
I'll laugh until my head comes off.
Women and children first.
And children first.
And children...
Here I'm allowed, everything all of the time.
Here I'm allowed, everything all of the time.
Ice age coming, ice age coming.
Let me hear both sides.
Let me hear both sides.
Let me hear both...
Ice age coming, ice age coming.
Throw me in the fire.
Throw me in the fire.
Throw me in the...
We're not scaremongering.
This is really happening, happening.
We're not scaremongering.
This is really happening, happening.
Mobiles working.
Mobiles chirping.
Take the money and run.
Take the money and run.
Take the money...
Here I'm allowed, everything all of the time.
Background:.
The first of the children.
Morning bell.
Morning bell.
Light another candle.
Release me.
Release me.
You can keep the furniture.
A bump on the head.
Coming down the chimney.
Release me.
Release me.
Please.........
Release me.
Release me.
Where'd you park the car?.
Where'd you park the car?.
Clothes are all over the furniture.
Now I might as well.
I might as well.
Sleepy jack the fire drill.
Run around around around around around.....
Cut the kids in half.
The lights are on but nobody's home.
Everybody wants to be a.
The lights are on but nobody's home.
Nobody wants to be a slave.
Walking walking walking walking....
The lights are on but nobody's home.
Everybody wants to be a.
Everyone wants to be a friend.
Nobody wants to be a slave.
Walking walking walking walking....
Red wine and sleeping pills.
Help me get back to your arms.
Cheap sex and sad films.
Help me get where I belong.
I think you're crazy, maybe.
I think you're crazy, maybe.
Stop sending letters.
Letters always get burned.
It's not like the movies.
They fed us on little white lies.
I think you're crazy, maybe.
I think you're crazy, maybe.
I will see you in the next life.
[Early version has a second verse:].
Beautiful angel.
Pulled apart at birth.
Limbless and helpless.
I can't even recognize you.
I think you're crazy, maybe.
I will see you in the next life.
And if the snow buries my....
My neighborhood.
And if my parents are crying,.
Then I'll dig a tunnel from my window to yours.
Yeah, a tunnel from my window to yours.
You climb out the chimney.
And meet me in the middle.
The middle of the town.
And since there's no one else around,.
We let our hair grow long and forget all we used to know.
Then our skin gets thicker from living out in the snow.
You change all the lead sleeping in my head.
As the day grows dim, I hear you sing a golden hymn....
Then, we tried to name our babies.
But we forgot all the names that,.
The names we used to know.
But sometimes,.
We remember our bedrooms and our parent's bedrooms and the bedrooms of our friends.
Then we think of our parents....
Well, whatever happened to them?!.
You change all the lead sleeping in my head to gold.
As the day grows dim, I hear you sing a golden hymn.
It's the song I've been trying to sing....
Purify the colors, purify my mind.
Purify the colors, purify my mind.
And spread the ashes of the colors over this heart of mine!.
Alexander, our older brother.
Set out for a great adventure.
He tore our images out of his pictures.
He scratched our names out of all his letters.
Our mother should've just named you Laika....
Come on, Alex. You can do it!.
Come on, Alex. There's nothing to it!.
If you want something, don't ask for nothing!.
If you want nothing, don't ask for something!.
Our mother should've just named you Laika....
It's for your own good.
It's for the neighborhood....
The neighborhood!.
Our older brother bit by a vampire.
For a year, we caught his tears in a cup.
And now we're gonna make him drink it.
Come on, Alex. Don't die or dry up!.
Our mother should've just named you Laika.
It's for your own good.
It's for the neighborhood....
The neighborhood!.
When daddy comes home, you always start a fight.
So the neighbors can dance in the police disco lights.
The police disco lights.
Now the neighbors can dance!.
The police disco lights.
Now the neighbors can dance!.
Hey! the street lights all burnt out.
une année sans lumière.
je monte un cheval.
qui porte des oeillères.
hey! my eyes are shooting sparks.
la nuit, mes yeux t'éclairent.
ne dis pas à ton père.
qu'il porte des oeillères.
hey, your old man should know.
if you see a shadow, there's something there.
I woke up with the power out.
Not really something to shout about.
Ice has covered up my parents hands.
Don't have any dreams, don't have any plans.
I went out into the night.
I went out to find some light.
Kids are swingin' from the power lines.
Nobody's home, so nobody minds.
I woke up on the darkest night.
Neighbors all were shoutin' that they found the light.
"We found the light!".
Shadows jumpin' all over my walls.
Some of them big, some of them small.
I went out into the night.
I went out to pick a fight with anyone.
Light a candle for the kids.
Jesus Christ don't keep it hid!.
Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!.
Ice has covered up my parents hands.
Don't have any dreams, don't have any plans.
Growin' up in some strange storm.
Nobody's cold, nobody's warm.
I went out into the night.
I went out to find some light.
Kids are dyin' out in the snow,.
Look at them go, look at them go!.
Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!.
Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!.
And the power's out.
In the heart of man.
Take it from your heart.
Put it in your hand.
What's the plan? What's the plan?.
Is it a dream? Is it a lie?.
I think I'll let you deceide.
Just light a candle for the kids.
Jesus Christ don't keep it hid!.
'Cause nothin's hid.
From us kids.
You ain't foolin' nobody.
With the lights out!.
Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!.
And the power's out.
In the heart of man.
Take it from your heart.
Put it in your hand.
And there's something wrong.
In the heart of man.
Take it from your heart.
Put it in your hand.
Where'd you go?!.
I am waitin' 'til I don't know when,.
cause I'm sure it's gonna happen then..
Time keeps creepin' through the neighborhood,.
killing old folks, wakin' up babies.
just like we knew it would..
All the neighbors are startin' up a fire,.
burning all the old folks the witches and the liars..
My eyes are covered by the hands of my unborn kids,.
but my heart keeps watchin'.
through the skin of my eyelids..
They say a watched pot won't ever boil,.
well I closed my eyes and nothin' changed,.
just some water getting hotter in the flames..
It's not a lover I want no more,.
and it's not heaven I'm pining for,.
but there's some spirit I used to know,.
that's been drowned out by the radio!.
They say a watched pot won't ever boil,.
you can't raise a baby on motor oil,.
just like a seed down in the soil.
you gotta give it time.
They say it fades if you let it.
Love was made to forget it.
I carved your name across my eyelids.
You pray for rain, I pray for blindness.
If you still want me, please forgive me.
The crown of love is falling from me..
If you still want me, please forgive me.
Because the spark is not within me..
I snuffed it out before my mom walked in my bedroom..
The only thing that you keep changin' is your name.
My love keeps growin' still the same.
Just like a cancer.
And you won't give me a straight answer..
If you still want me, please forgive me.
The crown of love is falling from me..
If you still want me, please forgive me.
Because your hands are not upon me..
I shrugged them off before my mom walked in my bedroom..
The pains of love.
And they keep growin',.
In my heart there's flowers growin'.
On the grave of our old love.
Since you gave me a straight answer..
If you still want me, please forgive me.
The crown of love is not upon me..
If you still want me, please forgive me,.
Because the spark is not within me..
It's not within me..
It's not within me..
You gotta be the one,.
You gotta be the way,.
Your name is the only word that I can say!.
You gotta be the one,.
You gotta be the way,.
Your name is the only word,.
The only word that I can say!.
Only word that I can say!.
Somethin’ filled up.
my heart with nothin’..
Someone told me not to cry..
But now that I’m older,.
my heart’s colder,.
and I can see that it’s a lie..
Children, wake up..
Hold your mistake up.
before they turn the summer into dust..
If the children don’t grow up,.
our bodies get bigger but our hearts get torn up..
We’re just a million little gods causin' rain storms,.
turnin’ every good thing to rust..
I guess we’ll just have to adjust..
With my lightnin’ bolts a glowin’,.
I can see where I am goin’ to be.
when the reaper he reaches and touches my hand..
With my lightnin’ bolts a glowin’,.
I can see where I am goin’..
With my lightnin’ bolts a glowin’,.
I can see where I am go -- goin’!.
You better look out below.
Haïti, mon pays,.
Wounded mother I'll never see.
Ma famille set me free..
Throw my ashes into the sea..
Mes cousins jamais nés.
Hantent les nuits de Duvalier..
Rien n'arrête nos esprits..
Guns can't kill what soldiers can't see..
In the forest we are hiding,.
Unmarked graves where flowers grow..
Hear the soldiers angry yelling,.
In the river we will go..
Tous les morts-nés forment une armée.
Soon we will reclaim the earth..
All the tears and all the bodies.
Bring about our second birth.
Haïti, never free,.
N'aie pas peur de sonner l'alarme..
Tes enfants sont partis,.
In those days their blood was still warm..
Sleeping is giving in.
No matter what the time is.
Sleeping is giving in.
So lift those heavy eyelids.
People say that you'll die.
Faster than without water.
But we know it's just a lie.
Scare your son and scare your daughter.
People say that your dreams are the only things that save ya.
Come on baby in our dreams, we can live our misbehaviour.
Every time you close your eyes (Lies, lies).
Every time you close your eyes.
People try and hide the night.
Underneath the covers.
People try and hide the light.
Underneath the covers.
Come on hide your lovers, underneath the covers.
Come on hide your lovers, underneath the covers.
Hidin' from your brothers, underneath the covers.
Come on hide your lovers underneath the covers.
People say that you'll die.
Faster than without water.
But we know it's just a lie.
Scare your son and scare your daughter.
Scare your son and scare your daughter.
Scare your son and scare your daughter.
Now here's the sun, it's alright! (Lies, lies).
Now here's the moon, it's alright! (Lies, lies).
Now here's the sun, it's alright! (Lies, lies).
Now here's the moon, it's alright! (Lies, lies).
Every time you close your eyes (Lies, lies).
Every time you close your eyes.
Every time you close your eyes.
Every time you close your eyes.
I like the peace.
In the backseat.
I don't have to drive.
I don't have to speak.
I can watch the countryside.
And I can fall asleep.
My family tree's.
Losing all its leaves.
Crashing towards the driver's seat.
The lightning bolt made enough heat.
To melt the street beneath your feet.
Alice died.
In the night.
I've been learning to drive.
My whole life.
I've been learning.
I like the peace.
In the back-seat.
I don't have to drive.
I don't have to speak.
I can watch the countryside.
Alice died.
In the night.
I've been learning to drive.
My whole life.
I've been learning.
The night is long since you went away.
I dream about you all through the day.
My buddy, my buddy, no buddy quite so true..
(Hey that's a wrong note,.
And that's a wrong note,.
And tune up that G string,.
And that's better, that's better, that's better).
Miss your voice, the touch of your hand.
I long to know that you understand.
My buddy, my buddy, your buddy misses you.
Brazil, where hearts were entertaining June.
We stood beneath an amber moon.
And softly whispered, "Someday soon".
We kissed and clung together.
Then - tomorrow was another day.
The morning found us miles away.
With still a million things to say.
And now, the twilight moves the skies above.
Recalling thrills of our love.
There's one thing I'm certain of.
Return, I will, to old Brazil.
Brazil, where hearts were entertaining June.
We stood beneath an amber moon.
And softly whispered, "Someday soon".
We kissed and clung together.
Then - tomorrow was another day.
The morning found us miles away.
With still a million things to say.
And now when twilight moves the skies above.
Recalling thrills of our love.
There's one thing I'm certain of.
Return, I will, to old Brazil.
Everything that keeps me together is falling apart,.
I've got this thing that I consider my only art of fucking people over.
My boss just quit the job says he's goin' out to find blind spots and he'll do it.
The 3rd Planet is sure that they're being watched by an eye in the sky that can't be stopped.
When you get to the promise land your gonna shake that eye's hand.
Your heart felt good it was drippin' pitch and made of wood.
And your hands and knees felt cold and wet on the grass to me.
Outside naked, shiverin' looking blue, from the cold sunlight that's reflected off the moon.
Baby cum angels fly around you reminding you we used to be three and not just two.
And that's how the world began.
And that's how the world will end.
A 3rd had just been made and we were swimming in the water, didn't know then was it a son was it a daughter.
When it occurred to me that the animals are swimming around in the water in the oceans in our bodies and another had been found another ocean on the planet given that our blood is just like the Atlantic.
And how.
The universe is shaped exactly like the earth if you go straight long enough you'll end up where you were.
Oh gotta see, gotta know right now.
What's that riding on your everything?.
It isn't anything at all.
Oh gotta see, gotta know right now.
What's that writing on your shelf.
In the bathrooms and the bad motels?.
No one really cared for it at all.
Not the gravity plan.
Early, early in the morning.
It pulls all on down my sore feet.
I wanna go back to sleep.
In the motions and the things that you say.
It all will fall, fall right into place.
As fruit drops, flesh it sags.
Everything will fall right into place.
When we die, some sink and some lay.
But at least I don't see you float away.
And all the spilt milk, sex and weight.
It all will fall, fall right into place.
I might disintegrate into the thin air if you'd like.
I'm not the dark center of the universe like you thought.
Well, it took a lot of work to be the ass that I am.
And I'm real damn sure that anyone can, equally easily fuck you over.
Well, died sayin' something, but didn't mean it.
Everyone's life ends, but no one ever completes it.
Dry or wet ice, they both melt and you're equally cheated.
Well, it took a lot of work to be the ass that I am.
And I'm really damn sure that anyone can, equally easily fuck you over.
Well, an endless ocean landin' on an endless desert.
Well, its funny as hell, but no one laughs when they get there.
If you can't see the thin air than why the hell should you care?.
Well, it took a lot of work to be the ass that I am.
And I'm really damn sure that anyone can, equally easily fuck you over.
Well, I'm sure you'd tell me you got nothing to say.
But our voices shook hands the other day.
If you can't see the thin air what the hell is in the way?.
[repeated lyrics].
Well, God sayin' somethin', but he didn't mean it.
Everyone's life ends, but no one ever completes it.
Dry or wet ice, they both melt and you're equally cheated.
Well, it took a lot of work to be the ass that I am.
And I'm really damn sure that anyone can, equally easily fuck you over.
I'm sure you'll tell me you got nothin' to say.
But our voices shook hands the other day.
If you can't see the thin air then what the hells in your way?.
You've got the Perfect disguise and you're lookin' o.k..
From the bottom of the best of the worst, well what can I say.
Cuz you cocked your head to shoot me down, down.
And I don't give a damn about you or this town no more.
No cuz I know the score.
Need me to fall down, so you can climb up.
Some fool ass ladder, well good luck.
I hope, I hope there's something better up there.
Cuz you cocked your head to shoot me down, down.
And I don't give a damn about you or this town no more.
No cuz I know the score.
Well good luck believing every word that's said.
I hope you have enough space in your head.
I don't know, broke my back.
We're goin' down the road towards tiny cities made of ashes.
Gonna hit you on the face gonna punch you in your.
glasses. Oh no!.
I just got a message that said "Yeah hell is freezin' over".
I Got a phone call from the Lord sayin' "Hey boy get a.
sweater. Right now".
So we're drinkin' drinkin' drinkin' drinkin' coca-coca-cola.
I can feel it rollin' right on down.
Oh right on down my throat.
And as we're headed down the road towards tiny cities.
made of ashes.
I'm gonna get dressed up in plastic gonna shake hands.
with the masses. Oh no!.
Does anybody know a way that a body could get away.
Does anybody know a way.
Were goin' down the road towards tiny cities made of ashes.
I'm goin' to hit you on the face I'm goin' to punch you in your.
glasses. Oh no!.
I'm wearin' myself a t-shirt that says "The world is my ashtray".
Our hearts pump dust and our hairs all grey.
And I just got a message sayin' that hell has frozen over.
Got a phone call from the Lord sayin' "Hey boy get a.
sweater. Right now!".
Does anybody know a way that a body could get away.
Does anybody know a way.
Were drinkin' drinkin' drinkin' drinkin' coca-coca-cola.
I can feel it rollin' right on down oh right on down my throat.
And as we're headed down the road towards tiny cities.
made of ashes.
I'm gonna lay down in the spa where they coat you.
in molasses. Oh no!.
Does anybody know a way that a body could get away.
Does anybody know a way.
I wanna live in a city with no friends or family.
I'm gonna look out the window of my color T.V..
I wanna remember to remember to forget you forgot me.
I'm gonna look out the window of my color T.V..
Through the cracks in the wall.
Slow motion for all.
Dripped out of the bars.
Someone smart said nothin' at all.
I'm watching T.V..
I guess that's a solution.
They gave me a receipt that said, I didn't buy nothin'.
So rust is a fire and our blood oxidizes.
My eyes rolled around, all around on the carpet.
Oh hit the deck, It's the decal man.
Standin' upside down and talkin' out of his pants.
I wanna live in a city with no friends or family.
I'm gonna look out the window of my color T.V..
I wanna remember to remember to forget you forgot me.
I'm gonna look out the window of my color T.V..
Through the cracks in the wall.
Slow motion for all.
Dripped out of the bars.
Someone smart said nothin' at all.
I'm watching T.V..
I guess that's a solution.
They gave me a receipt that said, I didn't buy nothin'.
So rust is a fire and our blood oxidizes.
My eyes rolled around, all around on the carpet.
Oh hit the deck, It's the decal man.
Standin' upside down and talkin' out of his pants.
Through the cracks in the wall.
Slow motion for all.
Dripped out of the bars.
Someone smart said nothin' at all.
So long to this cold, cold part of the world.
So long to this cold, cold part of the world.
So long to this bone bleached part of the world.
So long to this cold, cold part of the world.
So long to this salt soaked part of the world.
I stepped down as president of Antarctica.
Can't blame me, don't blame me, don't.
So long to this sad, sad part of the world.
So long, So long.
How do, how do you do?.
My name is you.
Flies, they all gather around me and you too.
You can't see anything well.
You ask me what size it is, not what I sell.
The flies, they all gather around me and you too.
I don't want you to be alone down there.
To be alone down there, to be alone.
The Devil's apprentice he gave me some credit.
He fed me a line and I'll probably regret it.
I don't want you to be alone down there.
To be alone down there, to be alone.
Ah..
I don't want you to be alone down there.
To be alone down there, to be alone.
n the last second of life, they're gonna show you how.
How they run this show, sure, run it into the ground.
The stars are projectors, yeah.
Projectin' our lives down to this planet Earth.
The stars are projectors, yeah.
Projectin' our minds down to this planet Earth.
Everyone wants a double feature.
They wanna be their own damn teacher, and how.
All the stars are projectors, yeah.
Projectin' our lives down to this planet Earth.
It's all about moderate climates.
You gotta be cold and be hot for sure.
It's all about the moderate climates.
You wanna be blessed and be cursed for sure.
All the stars are projectors, yeah.
Projectin' our lives down to this planet Earth.
Everyone wants a double feature.
They want to be in their own damn teacher, and how.
All the stars are projectors, yeah.
Projectin' our lives down to this planet Earth.
You've got the harder part, You've got the kinder heart.
And it's true.
I've got the easy part, I've got the harder heart.
Aint this true.
Right wing, left wing, chicken wing.
It's built on findin' the easier ways through.
God is a woman and the woman is.
An animal that animals man, and that's you.
Was there a need for creation?.
That was hiden in a math equation.
And that's this:.
WHERE DO CIRCLES BEGIN?.
A wild pack of family dogs came runnin' through the yard one day.
My father got his gun, shot it up, they ran away ok.
A wild pack of family dogs came runnin' through the yard.
And as my own dog ran away with them, I didn't say much of anything at all.
A wild pack of family dogs came runnin' through the yard.
As my little sister played, the dogs took her away.
And I guess she was eaten up ok, yeah she was eaten up ok.
My mother's cryin' blood dust now.
My dad he quit his job today, well I guess he was fired but that's ok.
And I'm sittin' outside my mudlake, waiting for the pack to take me away.
And right after I die the dogs start floating up towards the glowing sky.
Now they'll receive their rewards, now they will receive their rewards.
These walls are paper thin.
And everyone hears every little sound.
Everyone's a voyeur, their watching me.
Watch them, watch me right now.
They're shakin' hands, they're shakin' in their shoes.
Oh Lord, don't shake me down.
Everyone wants two of them.
And half of everyone else who's around.
Its been agreed, the whole world stinks.
So no ones taking showers anymore.
Laugh hard it's a long way to the bank.
I can't be blamed for nothin' anymore.
It's been a long time since you've been around.
Laugh hard it's a long ways to the bank.
Tow the line to tax the time, you know.
That you don't owe.
I can't be a fool for everyone that I don't know.
Well I ain't sure, but I been told.
He's baking cakes inside our souls.
Stayed awake, took a nap.
Got myself my bottles back.
I'm breakin' them out on the street.
Walkin' around in my bare feet.
I do not need you to tell me that I am not a cat.
I caught a ride, we caught some air.
He's never gonna cut his hair.
It takes more time to make a fake.
We night swam down in the lake.
Washed the dirt off our intentions.
Prattle on 'bout bad inventions.
I came as ice, I came as a whore.
I came as advice that came too short.
I came as gold, I came as crap.
I came clean and I came as a Rat.
It takes a long time, but God dies too.
But not before he'll stick it to you.
Well I don't know, but I been told.
You never die and you never grow old.
Uh oh!.
I came as a call, I came as flat.
I came too soon so I came back.
I came as flowers, I came as nice.
I came as dirt and I came as its price.
It takes a long time, but God dies too.
But not before he'll stick it to you.
I don't know, but I been told.
You never die and you never grow old.
Uh Oh!.
Everyone's afraid of their own life.
If you could be anything you want.
I bet you'd be disappointed, am I right?.
No one really knows the ones they love.
If you knew everything they thought.
I bet that you'd wish that they'd just shut up.
Well, you were the dull sound of sharp math.
When you were alive.
No ones gonna play the harp when you die.
And if I had a nickel for every damn dime.
I'd have half the time, do you mind?.
Everyone's afraid of their own lives.
If you could be anything you want.
I bet you'd be disappointed, am I right?.
Am I right? And it's our lives.
It's hard to remember, it's hard to remember.
We're alive for the first time.
It's hard to remember were alive for the last time.
It's hard to remember, it's hard to remember.
To live before you die.
It's hard to remember, it's hard to remember.
That our lives are such a short time.
It's hard to remember, it's hard to remember.
When it takes such a long time.
It's hard to remember, it's hard to remember:.
My mom's God is a woman and my mom she is a witch.
I like this.
My hell comes from inside, comes from inside myself.
Why fight this.
Everyone's afraid of their own lives.
If you could be anything you want.
I bet you'd be disappointed, am I right?.
And in this life like weeds, you're just a rock to me.
I could have told you all that I love you.
And in the places you go, you'll see the place where you're from.
I could have told you all that I love you.
And in the faces you meet, you'll see the place where you'll die.
I could have told you all that I love you.
And on the day that you die, you'll see the people you'd met.
I could have told you all that I love you.
And in the faces you see, you'll see just who you've been.
I wish I could have told you all:.
In this life like weeds, eyes need us to see.
Hearts need us to bleed, in this life like weeds.
You're a rock to me.
I know where you're from, but where do you belong?.
In this life like weeds, you're the dirt I'll breath.
In this life like weeds, you're a rock to me.
All this talkin' all the time and the air fills up, up, up.
Until there's nothin' left to breathe.
And you think you feel most everything.
And we know that our hearts are just made out of strings.
To be pulled, strings to be pulled.
So you think you've figured out everything.
But we know that our minds are just made out of strings.
To be pulled, strings to be pulled.
All this talkin' all the time and the air fills up, up, up.
Until there's nothing left to breathe.
Up until there's nothin' left to speak..
Up until the better parts of space.
Rag weed tall better hope that his ladder don't crack.
Or he'll hit the ground low, hard and out of his back.
At the battle at the bottom of the ocean, well the dead.
do rise.
You need proof I got proof at the surface you can watch.
em float by.
Way in back of the room, there sits a cage.
Inside it's a clock that you can win if you can guess its age.
Which you never can do cuz the time it constantly changes.
For luck or lack.
I guess that is the saying.
On the first page of the book of blue it read.
"If you read this page, than that'll be your death".
By then it was too late.
And you wound up on an island of shells and bones that.
bodies had left.
And the one thing you taught me.
'bout human beings was this.
They ain't made of nothin' but water and shit.
Stop the music and go home.
I repeat stop the music and go home.
(crowd goes wild).
Paul Johnson.
DJ Funk.
DJ Sneak.
DJ Rush.
Waxmaster.
Hyperactive.
Jammin Gerald.
Brian Wilson.
George Clinton.
Lil Louis.
Ashley Beatto.
Neil Landstrumm.
Kenny Dope.
DJ Hell.
Louis Vega.
K-Alexi.
Dr. Dre is in the house yeah.
Omega in the house.
Gemini is in the house.
Jeff Mills is in the house.
DJ Deeon.
DJ Milton.
DJ Slugo.
DJs on the low.
Green Velvet.
Joey Beltram.
DJ Esp.
Roy Davis.
Boo Williams.
DJ Tonka.
DJ Skull.
DJ Pierre.
Mark Dearborn in the house, yeah..
Todd Edward's in the house.
Romanthony's in the house.
Ceevea in the house.
Luke Slater.
Derrick Carter.
Robert Hood.
Paris Mitchel.
Dave Clarke is in the house.
Van Helden in the house.
Armando in the house.
Surgeon's in the house, yeah.
Our haven on the southern point is calling us.
Our haven on the southern point is calling us.
And faced with all the obvious, she’ll carry us.
Avert your eyes from all of this, we’ll make it all back.
In the end, you’ll never find.
You’ll never find me now.
But I’ll return to you.
When you return to me.
In the end, you’ll never find.
You’ll never find me now.
But I’ll return to you.
When you return to me.
In regards to the last word.
It’s not the last you’ll hear.
I’d never find any other.
I could ever, I could ever.
Never say it’s the last one.
It’s not the last one.
I’d never find any other.
I could ever, I could ever.
Save up all the days.
A routine malaise.
Just like yesterday.
I told you I would stay.
Would you always?.
Maybe sometimes?.
Make it easy?.
Take your time.
Think of all the ways.
Momentary phase.
Just like yesterday.
I told you I would stay.
Every time you try.
Quarter half a mile.
Just like yesterday.
I told you I would stay.
Would you always?.
Maybe sometimes?.
Make it easy?.
Take your time.
Would you always?.
Maybe sometimes?.
Make it easy?.
Take your time.
Always.
Sometimes.
Easy.
Time.
In this old house, I'm not alone.
In a bedroom, a telephone.
You made the call and I just stood by.
I stripped the sheets and emptied out the sty.
And the crowds, they light the carnival.
Calling us, calling us.
And all they want, another voice.
To lead us on, lead us on, lead us on.
Even wasting the time with you.
Doesn't matter if I think it through.
You took the car around the bend.
And ran it in the ground, let’s pretend.
And the crowds, they light the carnival.
Calling us, calling us.
And all we ask, another voice.
To lead us on, lead us on, lead us on.
I can't get out of what I'm into with you.
I can't get out of what I'm into with you.
I can't get out of what I'm into with you.
I can't get out of what I'm into with you.
There was time, it took time.
All the while.
There is time, so much time.
There is time, so much time.
All the kids on the waterfront.
Try to raise their hands.
Not asking for your permission.
Please understand.
If we’re all faltering, how’d I help with that?.
If it’s all or nothing, then let me go.
If we’re all faltering, why’d I help with that?.
If it’s all or nothing, then let me go.
There was time, it took time.
All the while.
There is time, so much time.
There is time, so much time.
All the kids on the waterfront.
Try to raise their hands.
Not asking for your permission.
Please understand.
If we’re all faltering, how’d I help with that?.
If it’s all or nothing, then let me go.
If we’re all faltering, how’d I help with that?.
If it’s all or nothing, then let me go.
Mention a name we know, we know.
Appear tame, it shows, shows.
Please don’t feign the ropes.
Always the same, I know.
I’m shooting them myself.
I should’ve made it matter.
I’m shooting them myself.
I should’ve made it matter.
God let it go, I’m shooting them myself.
It doesn’t mean a thing, I should’ve made it matter.
Chance and sow, I’m shooting them myself.
Nothing changing, I should’ve made it matter.
There’s no time to go.
Through the designs we know.
Never mind, although.
Maybe this time, we’ll grow.
I’m shooting them myself.
I should’ve made it matter.
I’m shooting them myself.
I should’ve made it matter.
God let it go, I’m shooting them myself.
It doesn’t mean a thing, I should’ve made it matter.
Chance and sow, I’m shooting them myself.
Nothing changing, I should’ve made it matter.
God let it go, I’m shooting them myself.
It doesn’t mean a thing, I should’ve made it matter.
Chance and sow, I’m shooting them myself.
Nothing changing, I should’ve made it matter.
Wildly coherent in a watery deep.
We’ll drop her down to the bottom.
We’ll drop her down like she’s nothing.
And the water is all.
Oh, the water is still in a wilder deep.
We’ll swim around like two dories.
We’ll swim around like two dories.
Let loose in the bay.
We’ll miss the eddy .
Hold on, make steady, go.
There is no plenty.
Even keel already, go.
I can’t be here all hours .
Oh, such a riot.
I can’t discern this trouble.
Oh, what a riot.
I can’t be here all hours.
Oh, such a riot.
I can’t describe.
I can’t be here all hours .
Oh, such a riot.
I can’t describe this problem .
Oh, what a riot.
I can’t be here all hours.
Oh, such a riot.
I can’t describe this problem.
I'm gonna take a stab at this,.
sure you will be alright.
Make a decision with a kiss.
Baby I hold fast by it..
And when I trek alone back home.
I need; shall I trek in the snow?.
Tissue and bones; it was a trick.
This is a knock on five.
Checking it off my list.
Honey look to rewrite..
Time is cast once; and far alone..
Hope I'm ready, able to make my own;.
goodbye..
They go we go, I want you to know, what I did I did,.
They go we go, I want you to know, what I did I did..
They go we go, I want you to know, what I did I did,.
They go we go, I want you to know, what I did I did..
They go we go, I want you to know, what I did I did,.
They go we go, I want you to know, what I did I did..
Without a trace, makes me wonder.
A staged race has no thunder.
This is the case of our blunder.
It’s a fire.
For what?.
Time for faith.
We thought.
About face, makes me wonder.
And in case, there is no thunder.
A bit of grace in our blunder.
It’s a fire.
For what?.
Time for faith.
We thought.
It’s a fire.
For what? For what?.
Time for faith.
We thought.
It’s a fire.
For what? For what?.
Time for faith.
We thought.
Here we go again.
We’ll carry on, my only friends.
I’ll take one chance without compromise.
There isn’t anything left to try.
Here we go again.
We’ll carry on, but then again.
We couldn’t take this on, the story goes unformed.
As if we never were there at all.
While you wait for the others.
To make it all worthwhile.
All your useless pretentions.
Are weighing on my time.
You could beg for forgiveness.
As long as you like.
Or just wait out the evening.
You'll only leave me dry.
Yes, you'll only leave me dry.
So I'll ask you kindly to make your way.
And what was there?.
The perfect glare.
We all fall through.
While you wait on the answers.
That I'll pretend to find.
Keeping up with emotions.
Still occupies our time.
You could hope for some substance.
As long as you like.
Or just wait out the evening.
And always ask me why.
Yes, you'll only leave me dry.
So I'll ask you kindly to make your way.
And what was left?.
The perfect glare.
We all fall through.
And all we want, want, want, want, want, want, want, want.
Want, want, want, want, want, want.
Want, want, want, want.
Want, want, want.
And what was there?.
And what was there?.
And what wasn't there?.
Return.
Been gone too long.
Return.
Don't make me beg.
And they’ll try.
They'll try.
They’ll try.
To keep us apart.
And they’ll try, they’ll try.
They'll try.
To keep us apart.
But yes we can.
You brought us this far.
We’ll do what we can.
Return.
Don’t put me on.
Return.
Don’t make me beg.
Return.
And they’ll try.
They’ll try.
They’ll try.
To keep us apart.
And you’ll try, you all try.
You’ll try.
To keep us apart.
But yes we can.
You brought us this far.
We’ll do what we can.
Take on another shift.
Palms in the middle, hands in the middle.
Work out another rift.
Something is muffled, another chuckle.
This is a foreground.
It is a foreground.
A cross country miss .
Take direction, can’t connect it.
I’m afraid this is .
Ten detected, nine in a wreck and.
A little jetty fight.
Pattern evolving, motion insolvent.
Something about this might.
Take all evening, I’ll just be cleaning.
This is a foreground.
It is a foreground.
Can't you see I'm trying?.
I don't even like it. I just lied to.
Get to your apartment, now I'm staying.
Here just for a while.
I can't think 'cause I'm just way too tired.
Is this it?.
Is this it?.
Is this... it?.
Said they'd give you anything you ever wanted.
When they lied, I knew it was just stable children.
Trying hard not to realize I was sitting right behind them.
Oh dear, can't you see? It's them it's not me.
We're not enemies; We just disagree.
If I was like him all pissed in this bar.
He changes his mind, says I went too far.
We all disagree.
I think we should disagree, yeah.
Is this it.
Is this it.
Is this it.
Can't you see I'm trying?.
I don't even like it. I just lied to.
Get to your apartment, now I'm staying.
Here just for a while.
I can't think 'cause I'm just way too tired.
Up on a hill is where we begin.
This little story a long time ago.
Stop to pretend, stop pretending.
It seems this game is simply never-ending.
Oh, in the sun, sun having fun.
It's in my blood.
I just can't help it.
Don't want you here right now.
Let me go, oh, let me g-g-g-g-g-g-go.
Leavin' just in time.
Stay there for a while.
Rolling in the ocean.
Trying to catch her eye.
Work hard and say it's easy.
Do it just to please me.
Tomorrow will be different.
So I'll pretend I'm leaving.
Our fears are different here.
We train in A-V-A.
I wish you hadn't stayed.
My vision's clearer now, but I'm unafraid.
Flying overseas, no time to feel the breeze.
I took too many varieties.
Oh, in the sun, sun having fun.
It's in my blood.
I just can't help it.
Don't want you here right now.
Let me go.
Darling let me g-g-g-g-g-g-go.
Leaving just in time.
Staying for a while.
Rolling in the ocean.
Trying to catch her eye.
Work hard and say it's easy.
Do it just to please me.
Tomorrow will be different.
So this is why I'm leaving.
Soma is what they would take when.
Hard times opened their eyes.
Saw pain in a new way.
High stakes for a few names.
Racing against sun beams.
Losing against their dreams.
In your eyes.
And I am.
Stop.
And go.
In your eyes.
See I am.
Stop.
And go.
In your eyes.
Let's go.
When I saw her for the first time.
Lips moved as her eyes closed.
Heard something in his voice.
"And I'll be there", he says.
Then he walks out.
Somehow he was trying.
Too hard to be like them.
Well I am.
Stop.
And go.
In your eyes.
And I am.
Stop.
Oh, darling, let me go.
Tried it once and they like it.
Then tried to hide it.
Says, "I've been doing this 25 years".
But I'm not listening no more.
And these friends, they keep asking for more.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, but that's it.
I didn't take no shortcuts.
I spent the money that I saved up.
Oh, Momma running out of luck.
Like my sister, don't give a fuck.
I wanna steal your innocence.
To me, my life, it don't make sense.
Those strange manners, I loved 'em so.
"Why won't you wear your new trench coat?".
I should've worked much harder.
I should've just not bothered.
I never show up on weekdays.
Something that you learned yesterday.
"Drive you to work; you'll be on time.
These little problems they're not yours and mine,".
"Come on and listen to what I say.
I've got some secrets that'll make you stay".
I just want to turn you down.
I just want to turn you around.
Oh, you ain't never had nothin' I wanted, but....
I want it all.
I just can't figure out....
Nothing.
And all together it went well.
We made pretend we were best friends.
Then she said, "Oh, you're a freak".
"They ordered me to make mistakes".
Together again, like the beginning.
It all works somehow in the end.
The things we did, the things you hide.
For the record it's between you and I.
Oh, I didn't take no shortcuts.
I spent the money that I saved up.
Oh, Momma running out of luck.
Like my sister, don't give a fuck.
I wanna steal your innocence.
To me my life, it just don't make any sense.
Those strange manners, I loved 'em so.
"Why won't you wear your new trench coat?".
I just want to misbehave.
I just want to be your slave.
Oh, you ain't never had nothing I wanted, but....
I want it all.
I just can't figure out....
Nothin'.
And all together it went well.
We made pretend we were best friends.
Then she said, "Oh, I can wait".
They ordered me to make mistakes.
Together again like the beginning.
It all works somehow in the end.
The things we did, the things you hide.
And for the record, it's between you and I.
In many ways, they'll miss the good old days.
Someday, someday.
Yeah, it hurts to say, but I want you to stay.
Sometimes, sometimes.
When we was young, oh man, did we have fun.
Always, always.
Promises, they break before they're made.
Sometimes, sometimes.
Oh, Maya says I'm lacking in depth.
I will do my best.
You say you wanna stay by my side.
Darlin', your head's not right.
See, alone we stand, together we fall apart.
Yeah, I think I'll be alright.
I'm working so I won't have to try so hard.
Tables, they turn sometimes.
Oh, someday....
No, I ain't wastin' no more time.
And now my fears.
They come to me in threes.
So, I.
Sometimes.
Say, "Fate my friend,.
You say the strangest things.
I find, sometimes".
Oh, Maya says I'm lacking in depth.
Say I will try my best.
You say you wanna stay by my side.
Darlin', your head's not right.
See, alone we stand, together we fall apart.
Yeah, I think I'll be alright.
I'm working so I won't have to try so hard.
Tables, they turn sometimes.
Oh, someday....
I ain't wasting no more time.
No choice now, it's too late.
Let him go, he gave up.
I gave up.
Lisa says, "Take time for me".
Dropping him down to his knees.
Ah, chest down....
Take me away.
See I've got to explain.
Things, they have changed.
In such a permanent way.
Life seems unreal.
Can we go back to your place?.
Oh, "You drink too much".
Makes me drink just the same.
People tried. Felt so right.
Giving themselves good advice.
Looking down sometimes felt nice....
He knows it's justified to kill to survive.
He then in dollars makes more dead than alive.
Let's suck more blood, let's run three hours a day.
The world is over but I don't care.
'Cause.
I am with you.
Now I've got to explain.
Things, they have changed.
In such a permanent way.
Life seems unreal.
Can we go back to your place?.
"You drink too much".
Makes me drink just the same.
The first time, it happened too fast.
The second time, I thought it would last.
We all like it a little different..
Last night she said,.
"Oh, baby, I feel so down..
Oh it turns me off,.
When I feel left out.".
So I, I turn 'round,.
"Oh, baby, don't care no more..
I know this for sure,.
I'm walkin' out that door.".
Well, I've been in town for just about fifteen minutes now.
And baby, I feel so down.
And I don't know why.
I keep walkin' for miles.
See, people they don't understand.
No, girlfriends, they can't understand.
Your grandsons, they won't understand.
On top of this, I ain't ever gonna understand....
Last night she said,.
"Oh, baby, don't feel so down..
Oh, it turns me off,.
When I feel left out.".
So I, I turn 'round:.
"Oh, baby, gonna be alright.".
It was a great big lie.
'Cause I left that night, yeah.
Oh, people they don't understand.
No, girlfriends, they don't understand.
In spaceships, they won't understand.
And me, I ain't ever gonna understand....
Last night she said,.
"Oh, baby, I feel so down..
See, it turns me off,.
When I feel left out.".
So I, I turn 'round:.
"Oh, little girl, I don't care no more..
I know this for sure,.
I'm walking out that door," yeah.
Was an honest man.
Asked me for the phone.
Tried to take control.
Oh, I don't see it that way.
I don't see it that way.
Oh, we shared some ideas.
All obsessed with fame.
Says we're all the same.
Oh, I don't see it that way.
I don't see it that way.
Raised in Carolina.
"I'm not like that".
Trying to remind her.
When we go back.
I missed the last bus, I'll take the next train.
I try but you see, it's hard to explain.
I say the right things, but act the wrong way.
I like it right here, but I cannot stay.
I watch the TV; forget what I'm told.
Well, I am too young, and they are too old.
The joke is on you, this place is a zoo.
"You're right it's true".
Says he can't decide.
I shake my head to say.
Everything's just great.
Oh, I just can't remember.
I just can't remember.
Raised in Carolina, she says:.
" I'm not like that".
Trying to remind her.
When we go back.
I say the right things but act the wrong way.
I like it right here but I cannot stay.
I watch the TV; forget what I'm told.
Well, I am too young, and they are too old.
Oh, man, can't you see I'm nervous, so please.
Pretend to be nice, so I can be mean.
I miss the last bus, we take the next train.
I try but you see, it's hard to explain.
Won't decide, but he won't debate.
Said, "Thanks my friend," but he was too late.
Oh why, oh why.
I don't know.
So you think things move pretty fast down here.
Well just wait my dear 'till you look up there.
Oh maybe someday you'll know.
Had his second kid, was an early night.
Got to be well dressed 'cause he hates to fly.
Oh loves his job, takes it home.
Anything they wanted.
They could have it, have it.
Didn't even notice.
I don't mind it, mind it.
Won't decide, but he won't debate.
Said, "Thanks my friend, thought that we was dead".
Oh why, oh why.
I don't know.
Think things move pretty fast down here.
But just wait my dear 'till we get up there.
Oh maybe someday they'll know.
Come on tell me does she warm the room.
When he comes.
Or does he just know how to leave.
When it gets cold.
Well I don't care, I don't care.
'Cause it's free.
You said you couldn't stay.
You've seen it all before.
I know.
They sold you on their way.
Oh, honey, that's OK.
No harm, he's armed.
Setting off all your alarms.
When I find out.
I hope it's you who set this trap.
And storefronts rarely changed.
At least I'm on my own again.
Instead of anywhere with you.
But, to me, it's all the same.
And I lost my page. Again.
I know this is surreal.
But, I'll try my luck with you.
This life is on my side.
Well, I am your one?.
"Believe me, this is a chance," oh oh.
Let's see what's for sale.
He's trying hard to give his job a chance.
Oh, it's never gonna be.
It's sad, but I agree.
The signals don't seem right.
They last for just one night, and then.
I'm sorry that I said:.
"That we were just good friends".
No harm, he's armed.
Setting off all your alarms.
They're trapped.
I can't be there in time.
I'll think about that.
And I lost my page again.
I know this is surreal.
But, I'll try my luck with you.
This life is on my side.
Well, I am your one?.
"Believe me, this is a chance," oh oh.
Leave me alone.
I'm in control.
I'm in control.
And girls lie too much.
And boys act too tough.
Enough is enough.
Well, on the minds.
Of other men.
I know she was....
I said, "Just take it or leave it.
And take it or leave it.
And take it or leave it.
And take it or leave it.
Oh, just take it or leave it.
And take it or leave it.
Oh, take it".
That's right.
Oh, he's gonna let you down.
He's gonna let you down.
He's gonna let you down.
He's gonna break your back for a chance.
He's gonna steal your friends if he can.
He's gonna win someday.
I fell off the track, now.
I can't go back.
I'm not like that.
Boys lie too much.
Girls act too tough.
Enough is enough.
Well on the minds.
Of other girls.
I know he was....
I said, "Just take it or leave it.
And take it or leave it.
And take it or leave it.
And take it or leave it.
Oh, just take it or leave it.
And take it or leave it.
Oh, take it".
That's right.
Oh, he's gonna let you down.
He's gonna let you down.
He's gonna let you down.
He's gonna break your back for a chance.
He's gonna steal your friends if he can.
He's gonna win someday.
Oh, he will....
Home - home in the late-night.
And away - away in the half-life.
Except saturday - crushed by the boring.
Until played and plagued by the tourists again.
When once you had believed it.
Now you see it's sucking you in.
To string you along with the pretense.
And pave the way for the coming release.
Alone and prone in the half-light.
And late- late to the real-life.
If you will find a way into the gold rush.
You will stay until the morning comes.
You will normalize.
Don't it make you feel alive.
Its time to get away, its time to get away from you.
Its time to get away, its time to get away from you.
You brought a lot of money.
But me, I got a tiny tummy.
And you, you make me sleep.
I try and try.
But you're under my knee.
And I start to be sensible (if you know what I mean).
And so its time to get away, Its time to get away from you.
I'm dying to get away, I'm dying to get away.
Next time we'll talk it over.
And we can start again.
For you, I caught a lot of static.
And me, I would like it automatic.
Ah-what what what what what did you think would happen next?.
Ah-what what what what what could it ever be?.
Though its time to get away, its time to get away from you.
I'm dying to get away, I'm dying to get away.
Next time let's talk about it.
And maybe start again.
To think I used to pity you.
To think I used to pity you, it's true.
To think I used to pity you.
To think I used to talk to you, it's true.
Next time we can talk about it.
Or even start again.
I couldn't tell you what you wanted.
(You know what I'm saying?) I knew you were low man,.
But the truth is I was shocked.
(Of) power eyes, eyes never lie.
Kids, Kids never lie..
Oh oh oh.
Oh I don't know, I don't know, oh, where to begin.
We are north americans.
And for those of you who still think we're from england.
We're not, no..
We build our planes and our trains till we think we might die,.
Far from North America,.
Where the buildings are old and you might have lots of mimes..
Aha, oh, oh..
I hate the feelin' when you're looking at me that way.
Cause we're north americans.
But if we act all shy, it'll make it ok.
Makes it go away..
Oh I don't know, I don't know, oh, where to begin.
When we're north american.
But in the end we make the same mistakes all over again.
Come on north americans.
We are north american scum.
We're from north america.
And all the kids all the kids that want to make the scene.
Here in north america.
When our young kids get to read it in your magazines.
We don't have those.
So where's the love where's the love where's the love where's the love where's the love tonight?.
But there's no love man there's no love and the kids are uptight.
So throw a party till the cops come in and bust it up.
Let's go north americans.
Oh you were planning it I didn't mean to interrupt.
Sorry.
I did it once and my parents got pretty upset.
Freaked out in north america.
But then I said the more I do it the better it gets.
Let's rock north america.
We are north american scum.
We're from north america.
We are north american scum.
We are north american.
New york's the greatest if you get someone to pay the rent.
Wahoo north america.
And it's the furthest you can live from the government un huh huh.
Some proud american christians might disagree.
Here in north america.
But new york's the only place we're keepin them off the street.
Boo boo now we can't have parties like in spain where they go all night.
Shut down in north america.
Or like berlin where they go another night, alright, un huh un huh.
You see I love this place that I have grown to know.
Alright, north america..
And yeah, I know you wouldn't touch us with a ten-foot pole.
'cause we're north americans..
We are north american scum.
We are north americans.
We are north american scum.
We love north america.
Take me back to the states man.
North american scum.
Where we can be all we want if we really ??.
North american.
Where the dj gigs are as fun.
Here in north american scum.
Don't blame the canadians.
Let go north america.
I wish that we could talk about it,.
But there, that's the problem..
With someone new I couldn't start it,.
Too late, for beginnings..
The little things that made me nervous,.
Are gone, in a moment..
I miss the way we used to argue,.
Locked, in your basement..
I wake up and the phone is ringing,.
Surprised, as it's early..
And that should be the perfect warning,.
That something's, a problem..
To tell the truth I saw it coming,.
The way, you were breathing..
But nothing can prepare you for it,.
The voice, on the other, end..
The worst is all the lovely weather,.
I'm stunned, it's not raining..
The coffee isn't even bitter,.
Because, what's the difference?.
There's all the work that needs to be done,.
It's late, for revision..
There's all the time and all the planning,.
And songs, to be finished..
And it keeps coming,.
And it keeps coming,.
And it keeps coming,.
Till the day it stops.
And it keeps coming,.
Till the day it stops..
I wish that we could talk about it,.
But there, that's the problem..
With someone new I could have started,.
Too late, for beginnings..
You're smaller than my wife imagined,.
Surprised, you were human..
There shouldn't be this ring of silence,.
But what, are the options?.
When someone great is gone..
We're safe, for the moment..
Saved,.
For the moment..
That's how it starts.
We go back to your house.
We check the charts.
And start to figure it out.
And if it's crowded, all the better.
Because we know we're gonna be up late.
But if you're worried about the weather.
Then you picked the wrong place to stay.
That's how it starts.
And so it starts.
You switch the engine on.
We set controls for the heart of the sun.
One of the ways we show our age.
And if the sun comes up, if the sun comes up, if the sun comes up.
And I still don't wanna stagger home.
Then it's the memory of our betters.
That are keeping us on our feet.
You spent the first five years trying to get with the plan.
And the next five years trying to be with your friends again.
You're talking 45 turns just as fast as you can.
Teah, I know it gets tired, but it's better when we pretend.
It comes apart.
The way it does in bad films.
Except in parts.
When the moral kicks in.
Though when we're running out of the drugs.
And the conversation's winding away.
I wouldn't trade one stupid decision.
For another five years of life.
You drop the first ten years just as fast as you can.
And the next ten people who are trying to be polite.
When you're blowing eighty-five days in the middle of France.
Yeah, I know it gets tired only where are your friends tonight?.
And to tell the truth.
Oh, this could be the last time.
So here we go.
Like a sales force into the night.
And if I made a fool, if I made a fool, if I made a fool.
On the road, there's always this.
And if I'm sewn into submission.
I can still come home to this.
And with a face like a dad and a laughable stand.
You can sleep on the plane or review what you said.
When you're drunk and the kids leave impossible tasks.
You think over and over, "hey, I'm finally dead.".
Oh, if the trip and the plan come apart in your hand.
Tou look contorted on yourself your ridiculous prop.
You forgot what you meant when you read what you said.
And you always knew you were tired, but then.
Where are your friends tonight?.
Where are your friends tonight?.
Where are your friends tonight?.
If I could see all my friends tonight.
If I could see all my friends tonight.
If I could see all my friends tonight.
If I could see all my friends tonight.
The time has come, the time has come, the time has come today.
The time has come, the time has come, the time has come today.
The time has come, the time has come, the time has come today.
The time has come, the time has come, the time has come today.
And so all the good people wanna rescue.
All the small people wanna talk to you.
All the clever people wanna tell you.
All the little people wanna dance its true.
But the time has come, the time has come, the time has come, the time has come.
The time has come, the time has come, the time has come, the time has come.
The time has come, the time has come, the time has come today.
The time has come, the time has come, the time has come today.
And so all the good people wanna rescue.
All the small people wanna talk to you.
All the clever people wanna tell you.
All the little people wanna dance its true.
Cloud, block out the sun.
Over me, over me.
And spoil, spoil all the fun.
Won't you please.
Cloud, block out the sun.
Over me, over me.
And spoil, spoil all the fun.
Wont you please.
If you please, please anyone.
Talk to me talk to me.
All you boys, lonely and drunk.
On your knees.
Us and Them.
Over and over again.
Us and Them.
Over and over again.
Us and Them.
Over and over again.
Us and Them.
Over and over and over again.
Because all the good people wanna rescue.
All the small people wanna talk to you.
All the clever people wanna tell you.
All the little people wanna dance its true.
So its Us v. Them.
Over and over again.
Us v. Them.
Over and over again.
Us v. Them.
Over and over again.
Us v. Them.
Over and over and over and over.
Us v. Them.
Over and over again.
Us v. Them.
Over and over and over and over.
All the good people wanna rescue.
All the small people wanna talk to you.
All the clever people wanna tell you.
All the little people wanna dance its true.
Its just Us and Them.
Over and over again.
Us v. Them.
Over and over again.
Us v. Them.
Over and over again.
Us v. Them.
Over and over again.
Us and Them.
Over and over again.
Read all the pamphlets and watch the tapes.
I get all confused when you mix up the dates.....
Woah!.
Don't gimme the pretend you come for the weekend.
And you stay for the week.
You say that you hate it but that's how you made it.
Just keep it oblique.
We're both high high high, high high on lemon sips.
We're all suh-suh-suh sucked-in-by parlour tricks.
Oh the people deceive you the kids never leave.
Cuz you make them at home.
You try to appease them and they show you the stick.
But still you pick up the phone.
But hey man, you can take it.
As long as they don't shove you out in the cold.
It's not getting better, no it's not getting better, man.
It's just getting old.
Ah ooh! we do what we're programmed to do--.
Hey we do what we're told.
I never remember to carry my book when I get on the bus.
You never forget it's your time to collect.
When they are making a fuss.
We're both high high high, high high on lemon sips.
We're all high high high, high high on wiggling hips.
Ah ooh! you break off your plans for the weekend.
And ah oh! you can tell them the dates.
But that don't mean they're letting you go.
Don't gimme the pretend you come for the weekend.
And you stay for the year.
Avoid all the plans cuz we're making our day jobs.
Into a steady career.
We're both high high high, high high on lemon sips.
We all claw claw claw, cli-climb-on to sinking ships.
And ah ooh! avoid all the cold sideways glances.
And ah ooh! celebrate! celebrate! celebrate!.
And then turn to stone.
Read all the pamphlets and watch the tapes.
You turn 25 and now you're all out of escapes.
C'mon.
Hey the rock writer told me to tell you:.
"though you're great and you're brave.
You still lack that which makes you a star.".
Read all the pamphlets and watch the tapes.
We all get a little drunk and then we act like apes.
Ow!.
Sound of silver talk to me.
Makes you want to feel like a teenager.
Until you remember the feelings of.
A real life emotional teenager.
Then you think again.
New York, I Love You.
But you're bringing me down.
New York, I Love You.
But you're bringing me down.
Like a rat in a cage.
Pulling minimum wage.
New York, I Love You.
But you're bringing me down.
New York, you're safer.
And you're wasting my time.
Our records all show.
You are filthy but fine.
But they shuttered your stores.
When you opened the doors.
To the cops who were bored.
Once they'd run out of crime.
New York, you're perfect.
Don't please don't change a thing.
Your mild billionaire mayor's.
Now convinced he's a king.
So the boring collect.
I mean all disrespect.
In the neighborhood bars.
I'd once dreamed I would drink.
New York, I Love You.
But you're freaking me out.
There's a ton of the twist.
But we're fresh out of shout.
Like a death in the hall.
That you hear through your wall.
New York, I Love You.
But you're freaking me out.
New York, I Love You.
But you're bringing me down.
New York, I Love You.
But you're bringing me down.
Like a death of the heart.
Jesus, where do I start?.
But you're still the one pool.
Where I'd happily drown.
And oh.. Take me off your mailing list.
For kids that think it still exists.
Yes, for those who think it still exists.
Maybe I'm wrong.
And maybe you're right.
Maybe I'm wrong.
And maybe you're right.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe I'm wrong.
And just maybe you're right.
And Oh...
Maybe mother told you true.
And they're always be something there for you.
And you'll never be alone.
But maybe she's wrong.
And maybe I'm right.
And just maybe she's wrong.
Maybe she's wrong.
And maybe I'm right.
And if so, is there?.
You turn on a spindle..
You're so much looser now but you're not explaining how you gained such new repose..
I touch the clasp of your locket, with its picture held,.
Some secret you wouldn't tell but let it choke your neck..
So we imagine a darkness where all shapes divide,.
Solids changing into light, with a burst of heat so bright..
Well fine, don't you do what I want you to..
Yeah, don't degrade yourself the way that I do.
Cause you don't depend upon all the shit that I use to make my moods improve..
Near a sea of pianos, there were waves of chords.
That crashed against the shore in one huge and useless roar..
And there were girls bringing water,.
Like a dream they came to cure the fever of my brain,.
And soothe my burning throat..
And they made me a necklace, hanging beads of sweat on a string of my regrets,.
And placed it round my neck.
And they were singing, don't you do what you've wanted to..
Yeah, don't destroy yourself like those cowards do.
Maybe the sun keeps coming up cause it's gotten used to you.
And your constant need for proof..
Here is a scale. Weigh it out and you'll find, easily,.
More than sufficient doubt that these colors, you see.
Were picked in advance by some careful hand.
With an absolute concept of beauty..
They are smeared and these blurs come in random order.
And they color the eyes of your former lovers..
Hers were green like July,.
Except when she cried they were red..
Now I know a disease that these doctors can't treat..
You contract on the day you accept all you see.
Is a mirror and a mirror is all it can be..
A reflection of something we're missing..
And language just happened. It was never planned..
And it's inadequate to describe where I am.
In the room of my house where the light's never been.
Waiting for this day to end..
And these clocks keep unwinding and completely ignore.
Everything that we hate or adore..
Once the page of a calendar is turned it's no more..
So tell me then, what was it for?.
Oh tell me, what was it for?.
Does he kiss your eyelids in the morning when you start to raise your head?.
And does he sing to you incessantly from the space between your bed and wall?.
Does he walk around all day at school with his feet inside your shoes?.
Looking down every few steps to pretend he walks with you..
Oh, does he know that place below your neck that is your favorite to be touched.
And does he cry through broken sentences like I love you far too much?.
Does he lay awake listening to your breath?.
Worried you smoke too many cigarettes..
Is he coughing now on a bathroom floor?.
For every speck of tile there's a thousand more.
You won't ever see but most hold inside yourself eternally.
Well, I drug your ghost across the country and we plotted out my death..
In every city, memories would whisper: "Here is where you rest.".
I was determined in Chicago but I dug my teeth into my knees.
And I settled for a telephone and sang into your machine..
You are my sunshine, my only sunshine.
You are my sunshine, my only sunshine.
And I kissed a girl with a broken jaw that her father gave to her..
She had eyes bright enough to burn me. They reminded me of yours..
And in a story told she was a little girl in a red-rouge, sun-bruised field.
And there were rows of ripe tomatoes where a secret was concealed..
And it rose like thunder, clapped under our hands..
And it stretched for centuries to a diary entry's end where I wrote,.
You make me happy oh!! when skies are gray.
You make me happy oh!! when skies are gray and gray and gray..
Well the clock's heart it hangs inside its open chest with hands.
Stretched towards the calendar hanging itself.
But I will not weep for those dying days..
For all the ones who've left there's a few that stayed..
And they found me here and pulled me from the grass where I was laid..
Now and again it seems worse than it is,.
But mostly the view is accurate..
You see your breath in the air as you'll climb up the stairs.
To that coffin you call your apartment..
And you sink in your chair, brush the snow from your hair.
And drink the cold away..
And you're not really sure what you're doing this for.
But you need something to fill up the days..
A few more hours..
There's a dream in my brain that just won't go away..
It's been stuck there since it came a few nights ago.
And I'm standing on a bridge in the town where I lived.
As a kid with my mom and my brothers..
And then the bridge disappears and I'm standing on air.
With nothing holding me..
And I hang like a star, fucking glow in the dark,.
For all those starving eyes to see,.
Like the ones we've wished on..
But now I'm confused. Is this death really you?.
And do these dreams have any meaning?.
No. No, I think it's more like a ghost that's been following us both..
Something vague that we're not seeing,.
Something more like a feeling..
You follow the footsteps echoes leading down a hall to a room..
There is music playing tiny bells with moving parts..
Here the shadows make things ugly, an effect quite undesirable..
The bold and yellow daylight grows like ivy across the wall.
And it bounces off of the painted porcelain, tiny dancing doll..
Her body spins, as she pirouettes again, the world suddenly seems small..
On an off white, subtle morning you stretch your legs in the front seat..
And the road has made a vacuum where our voices used to be..
And you lay your head onto my shoulder, pour like water over me..
So if I just exist for the next ten minutes of this drive that would be fine..
And all these trees that line this curb would be rejoicing and alive..
Soon all the joy that pours from everything makes fountains of your eyes.
Because you finally understand the movement of a hand waving good-bye..
The fragile keep secrets, gathered in pockets,.
And they'll sell them for nothing a cheap watch or locket.
That kind of gold washes off..
And the sad act like lepers, they stick to the shadows.
And long to ring bells of warning to tell of their coming.
So that the pure can shut their doors..
And the angry are animals senseless and savage..
They act without order in logical lapses,.
They stain their mouths with blood..
So take my hand, this barren land is alive tonight..
The corn has grown stalks that form a wall too high..
But the wind carries sounds that I can't see from beyond that line..
Then the stalks begin to sway.
Oh stay with me Arienette until the wolves are away..
Yeah.
Well the wicked are vultures, and they bake in the canyons..
They circle in sunlight and wait for their victims.
To collapse and call to them..
And the desperate are water. They will run down forever.
As they soak into silence mend up together,.
In a dark and distant, dark and distant place..
So don't leave me here with only mirrors watching me..
This house it holds nothing but the memories..
And the moon it leaves silver but never sleep..
And then the silver turns to gray.
Oh stay with me Arienette until the wolves are away..
Tomorrow when I wake up I'm finding my brother.
And making him take me back down to the water..
That lake where we sailed and we laughed with our father..
I will not desert him. I will not desert him..
No matter how I may wish for a coffin so clean.
Or these trees to undress all their leaves onto me..
I put my face in the dirt and then finally I see.
The sky that has been avoiding me..
I started this letter I'm gonna send it to Ruba..
It will be blessed by her eyes on the gulf coast of Florida..
With her feet in the sand and one hand on her swimsuit,.
She will recite the prayer of my pen..
Saying, ...time take us forward. Relief from this longing,.
They can land that plane on my heart I don't care.
Just give me November, the warmth of a whisper.
In the freezing darkness of my room..
But no matter what I would do in attempt to replace..
All these pills that I take trying to balance my brain..
I've seen the curious girl with that look on her face..
So surprised she stares out from her display case..
The phone slips from a loose grip.
Words were missed then, some apology.
I didn't want to tell you this.
No, it's just some guy she's been hanging out with.
I don't know, the past couple weeks I guess.
Well, thank you and hang up the phone.
Let the funeral start.
Hear the casket close.
Let's pin split-black ribbon to your overcoat.
Well, laughter pours from under doors.
In this house, I don't understand that sound no more.
Seems artificial, like a T.V. set.
Well, haligh, haligh, a lie, haligh.
This weight it must be satisfied.
You offer only one reply.
You know not what you do.
But you tear and tear your hair from roots.
Of that same head you have twice removed now.
A lock of hair you said would prove.
Our love would never die.
Well ha ha ha.
I remember everything.
The words we spoke on freezing South Street.
And all those mornings watching you get ready for school.
You combed your hair inside that mirror.
The one you painted blue and glued with jewelry tears.
Something about those bright colors.
Would always make you feel better.
But now we speak with ruined tongues.
And the words we say aren't meant for anyone.
It's just a mumbled sentence to a passing acquaintance.
But there was once you.
You said you hate my suffering.
And you understood.
And you'd take care of me.
You'd always be there.
Well where are you now?.
Haligh, haligh, a lie, haligh.
The plans were never finalized.
But left to hang like yarn and twine.
Dangling before my eyes.
As you tear and tear your hair from roots.
Of that same head you have twice removed now.
A lock of hair you said would prove.
Our love would never die.
And I sing and sing of awful things.
The pleasure that my sadness brings.
As my fingers press onto the strings.
In yet another clumsy chord.
Haligh, haligh, an awful lie.
This weight would now be satisfied.
I'm gonna give you only one reply.
I know not who I am.
But I talk in the mirror.
To the stranger that appears.
Our conversations are circles.
Always one sided.
Nothing is clear.
Except we keep coming back.
To this meaning that I lack.
He says the choices were given.
Now you must live them.
Or just not live.
But do you want that?.
t the center of the world.
There's a statue of a girl..
She is standing near a well.
With a bucket bare and dry..
I went and looked her in the eyes.
And she turned me into sand..
This clumsy form that I despise.
It scattered easy in her hand..
And came to rest upon a beach,.
With a million others there..
We sat and waited for the sea.
To stretch out so that we could disappear.
Into the endlessness of blue,.
Into the horror of the truth..
You see, we are far less than we knew..
Yeah, we are far less than we knew.
But we knew what we could taste..
Girls found honey to drench our hands..
Men cut marble to mark our graves..
Said we'll need something to remind us of.
All the sweetness that has passed through us.
(fresh sangria and lemon tea)..
The priests dressed children for a choir.
(white-robed small voices praise Him).
But found no joy in what was sung..
The funeral had begun.
In the middle of the day.
When you drive home to your place.
From that job that makes you sleep.
Back to the thoughts that keep you awake.
Long after night has come to claim.
Any light that still remains.
In the corner of the frame.
That you put around her face..
Two pills just weren't enough..
The alarm clock's going off.
But you're not waking up..
This isn't happening, happening, happening,.
Happening, happening. It is..
Sunrise, sunset..
Sunrise, sunset..
Swiftly go the days..
Sunrise, sunset..
You wake up, then you undress..
It always is the same..
The sunrise and the sunsets..
You are lying while you confess, keep trying to explain..
The sunrise and the sunsets.
You realize then you forget what you've been trying to retain..
But everybody knows that it is all about the things.
That get stuck inside of your head,.
Like the songs your roommate sings.
Or a vision of her body as she stretches out on your bed..
She raised her hands in the air, asked you,.
When was the last time you looked in the mirror?.
Cause you've changed..
Yeah, you've changed..
Sunrises, sunsets..
You're hopeful then you regret..
The circle never breaks..
With a sunrise and a sunset there's a change of heart or address..
Is there nothing that remains?.
For a sunrise or a sunset..
You're manic or you're depressed..
Will you ever feel ok?.
For a sunrise or a sunset, your lover is an actress..
Did you really think she'd stay?.
For a sunrise or a sunset..
You're either coming or you just left but you're always on the way..
Towards a sunrise or a sunset, a scribble or a sonnet..
They are really just the same..
To the sunrise and the sunset..
The master and his servant have exactly the same fate..
It's a sunrise and a sunset..
From a cradle to a casket..
There is no way to escape..
The sunrise and the sunset..
Hold your sadness like a puppet, keep putting on the play..
But everything you do is leading to the point.
Where you just won't know what to do..
And at that moment you may laugh.
But there is someone there who will be laughing louder than you..
So it's true, the trick is complete..
Become everything you said you never would be..
You're a fool! You're a fool!.
Sunrise, sunset, sunrise, sunset..
Sunrise and the sunsets..
Sunrise, sunset, sunrises, sunsets..
Sunrise and the sunsets..
Sunrise, sunset..
Go home to your apartment.
And put the cassette in the tape deck and let that fever play..
Sunrise, sunset..
Where are you Arienette?.
Where are you Arienette?.
Did you expect it all to stop at the wave of your hand?.
Like the sun's just going to drop if it's night you demand..
Well, in the dark we're just air so the house might dissolve..
But once we are gone, who's gonna care if we were ever here at all?.
Well, summer's going to come, it's gonna cloud our eyes again..
No need to focus when there's nothing that's worth seeing..
So we trade liquor for blood in an attempt to tip the scales..
I think you lost what you loved in that mess of details..
They seemed so important at the time.
But now you can't even recall any of the names, faces, or lines..
It's more the feeling of it all..
Well, winter is going to end, I'm going to clean these veins again..
So close to dying that I finally can start living..
[There is a radio interview in the end of this track].
[Radio interviewer (impersonated by Matt Silcock of Lullaby for the Working Class) - R].
[Conor Oberst (impersonated by Todd Fink of The Faint) - C].
[Radio interviewer:] Hi, we're back, this is radio K[beep]x and we're here with Conor Oberst of the band Bright Eyes. How are you doing, Conor?.
[Conor:] Fine, thanks, just a little wet..
 Oh, it's still coming down out there?.
Yeah, I sort of had to run from the car..
 Well, we are glad you made it! Now, your new album, "Fevers and Mirrors"... Tell us a little about the title. I know there's a good deal of repeated imagery in the lyrics; fevers, mirrors, scales, clocks: Could you discuss some of this?.
Sure. Let's see, the fever's....
 First, First let me say that, this is a brilliant record, man, we're all really into it here at the station and we get lots of calls, it's really good stuff..
Thanks. Thanks a lot..
 So talk about some of the symbolisms..
The fever?.
 Sure!.
Well, the fever is basically, what ever ails you, or oppresses you... It could be anything, in my case it's my neurosis, my: depression... but I don't want it to be limited to that... it's certainly different for different people. It's whatever keeps you up at night..
 I see..
And the, and the mirror's like, as you might have guessed, self-examination, or reflection, or whatever form. This could be vanity, or self loathing. I, I know I'm, I'm guilty of both..
 That's interesting. How about the scale?.
The scales are essentially our attempt to solve our problems quantitatively, through logic or rationalization. In my opinion it's often fruitless, but... always, no, not always... And the clocks and calendars it's uh... is just... time... our little measurements, it's like, it's always chasing after us..
 It is. It is. Uh, How about this Arienette, how does she fit into all this?.
Umm, I'd prefer not to talk about it, in case she's listening..
 Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't realize she was a real person..
She's not. I made her up..
 Oh, so she's not real?.
Just as real as you or I..
 I don't think I understand..
Neither do I, but after I grow up, I will. I mean a lot... A lot of things: are really unclear for me right now..
 That's interesting. Ah, now you mentioned your depression....
...No I didn't..
 You're from Nebraska , right?.
Yeah, so?.
 Now, let me now if I'm getting too personal, but there seem to be a pretty dark past back there somewhere. What was it like for you growing up?.
Dark? Not really... uh... actually I had a great childhood, my parents were wonderful. I went to a Catholic school. They have... they had money, so... it... It was all... easy. Basically I had everything I wanted, handed to me..
 Really? So some of the references, like babies in bathtubs, are not biographical?.
Well I do have a brother who died in a bathtub. Drowned. Actually, I had five brothers who died that way..
[R: chuckles].
No, I'm serious. My mother drowned one every year for five consecutive years. They were all named Padraic, so, that's: They all got one song..
 Hmm..
It's kinda like walking out the door to discover it's a window..
 But your music is certainly very personal..
Of course, I put a lot of myself into what I do. But it's like, being an author you have to, free yourself to use symbolism and allegory to reach your goal and, and a part of that is, compassion, empathy for other people and their, and their situations. Some of what I sing comes from other people's experiences as well as my own. It:It shouldn't matter, the message is intended to be universal..
 I see what you mean..
Can you make that sound stop please?.
 Yes! [a bell that has been softly ringing for the duration of the interview becomes silent] And your goal?.
I don't know. Uh, create feelings, I guess. A song? It never ends up the way you planned it, though..
 That's funny that you say that, do you think that....
Do you ever hear things that aren't really there?.
 I'm sorry, what?.
Never mind. How long have you worked at this station?.
 Oh, just a few minutes. Uh, now you mentioned empathy for others. Would you say that that is what motivates you to make the music that you make?.
No, not really. It's more a need for sympathy. I want people to feel sorry for me. I like the feel of the burn of the audience's eyes on me when I'm whispering all my darkest secrets into the microphone. When I was a kid, I used to carry this safety pin around with me, everywhere I went in my pocket. And when people weren't paying enough attention to me, I'd dig it into my arm until I started crying. Everyone would stop what they were doing and ask me what was the matter. I guess, I guess I kinda [unintelligible]..
 Really? You're telling me you're doing all this for attention?.
No, I hate it when people look at me. I get nauseous. In fact, I could care less what people think, about me. Do you feel that? Wanna dance?.
 No, I'm feeling sick..
I really just wanna be warm yellow light that pours all over everyone I love..
 So, uh, you're gonna play something for us now. Is this a new song?.
Yeah, but I haven't written it yet. It's one I've been meaning to write, uh, called, "A Song To Pass The Time.".
 Oh, that's a nice title..
[mumbles] No, it isn't. You should write your own scripts..
 Yeah, I know!.
 There is a middle-aged woman she's dragging her feet..
She carries baskets of clothes to a laundromat..
While the Mexican children kick rocks into the street.
And they laugh in a language I don't understand..
But I love them..
Why do I love them?.
So the neighborhood is dimming as I smoke on the porch.
And watch the people as they pass enclosed inside their cars..
On their faces just anger or disappointment..
I start wishing there was something I could offer them..
A consolation, what could I offer them?.
And they are sad in their suburbs robots water the lawn.
And everything they touch gets dusted spotless..
And so they start to believe they've not touched anything at all..
And the cars in the driveway only multiply..
They are lost in their houses..
I have heard them sing in the shower.
Making speeches to their sister on the telephone..
Saying, you come home..
Woman, you come here..
Don't stay so far away from me..
This weather has me wanting love more tangible..
Something I can hold cause it's getting cold..
I say hold up our fists to the flame in the sky.
To block out the light that's reaching for our eyes.
Cause it... cause it would blind us. Yeah it will blind us..
Well, I've locked my actions in the grooves of routine..
So I may never be free of this apathy..
But I wait for a letter that is coming to me..
She sends me pictures of the ocean in an envelope..
So there still is hope..
Yes, I can be healed..
There is someone looking for what I've concealed.
In my secret drawer, in my pockets deep,.
You will find the reasons that I can't sleep and you will still want me..
But will you still want me? Will you still want?....
Well, I say come for the week..
You can sleep in my bed..
And pass through my life like a dream through my head..
It will... it will be easy. I'll make it easy..
But all I have for the moment is a song to pass the time..
A melody to keep me from worrying..
Oh, some simple progression to keep my fingers busy..
And words that are sure to come back to me.
And they'll be laughing, and they'll be laughing..
My mediocrity..
My mediocrity..
(And they'll be laughing).
My brother finds comfort in calculators..
He assigns every number a name..
He believes that they add up to certainty and he is upset with fractions that remain..
So I examine these maps with my eyes and at best I can trace with my.
Finger all the way to that town where she went an attempt to forget the cracks and the lines of my face..
So Jetsabel cleaned out the closets for me and she piled the boxes in the hall..
Tomorrow when she wakes she'll come take them away and they will never haunt me again..
But it is still hard to sleep with the moons heavy beams..
I run barefoot to the backyard, just to freeze in my place by the rod iron gate, too afraid and ashamed to advance..
Today I walked through the snow and found a field of headstones..
They were in rows like the weeks on calendars where each box is a day that you can never escape, without pills or the poison of sleep..
These memories leak from these faucets that weep..
Hot tears splash against the shower floor and I stand in the steam as if inside a dream--.
I can see her again by the sink from behind the bathroom mirror she pulls a thermometer and placed it under my tongue..
She said "you are as pale as a sheet, you look awful my sweet lay down and wait for the sun.".
So I stayed in that bed. She brought me water and read each night from a volume out loud..
She whispered soft poetry..
Her favorite was Anabel Lee..
And those words, like these drugs comforted me..
But the clocks kept waving their hands and she could not understand why my temperature would never drop..
And although she promised with tears that she would always be here I heard truth like the sounding sea..
I said, "My Arienette, oh how soon you'll forget this house will never be your home..
And you will leave in the fall when the trees become graves and their color lie dead in the grass.".
Gold and green torture me like the lies I believe too easily..
Oh my Jetsabel, look at this hell that I have made..
If you want maybe drop by sometime put some flowers on my grave..
So that I will look beautiful in my silent sepulchre..
Yeah that's fine throw those dresses away I don't want anything of hers..
For the moon never shines and the stars never rise without bringing me dreams..
Haunted by the ghosts of those bright eyes..
Why do you lay in the grass?.
Why do you lay there?.
Don't you want to be found?.
Why do you lay in the grass?.
Why do you lay there?.
Don't you want to be found?.
Why do you lay in the grass.
Why do you lay in the grass.
Don't you want that.
Don't you want that.
Don't you want that?.
Isn't the Sun even going to try to find a hole in the clouds?.
Isn't the Sun even going to try to find a hole in the clouds?.
Isn't it even gonna try.
Isn't it even gonna try.
To find a hole in the clouds.
Isn't it even gonna try.
Why won't it try, then.
Why do you lay in the grass?.
Why do you lay there?.
Don't you want to be found?.
Why do you lay so low in the grass?.
Why do you lay there?.
Don't you want to be found.
Why do you lay in the grass?.
Why do you lay in the grass?.
Don't you want to be found?.
Don't you want to be found?.
I thought that you wanted that..
To pretend no one can find.
The fallacies of morning rose.
Forbidden fruit, hidden eyes.
Courtesies that I despise in me.
Take a ride, take a shot now.
'Cause nobody loves me.
It's true.
Not like you do.
Covered by the blind belief.
That fantasies of sinful screens.
Bear the facts, assume the dye.
End the vows, no need to lie, enjoy.
Take a ride, take a shot now.
'Cause nobody loves me.
It's true.
Not like you do.
Who am I, what and why?.
'Cause all I have left is my memories of yesterday.
Oh these sour times.
'Cause nobody loves me.
It's true.
Not like you do.
After time the bitter taste.
Of innocence, decent or race.
Scattered seeds, buried lives.
Mysteries of our disguise revolve.
Circumstance will decide .....
'Cause nobody loves me.
It's true.
Not like you do.
'Cause nobody loves me.
It's true.
Not like you.
Nobody loves.. me.
It's true.
Not, like, you.. do.
Ohh.........
Can anybody see the light.
Where the morn meets the dew and the tide rises.
Did you realise, no one can see inside your view.
Did you realise, for why this sight belongs to you.
Ohh.........
Just set aside your fears of life.
Thru this sole desire.
Done it warning.
Done it now.
This ain't real.
On in this side.
Done it warning.
Done it now.
This ain't real.
On in this side.
Done it warning.
Done it now.
This ain't real.
Done it warning.
Done it now.
This ain't real.
On in this side.
Ohh.............
Can anybody see the light.
Were the morn meets the dew and the tide rises.
Did you realise, no one can ever see inside you view.
Did you realise, forewhy this sight belongs to you.
I don't want to hurt you.
For no reason have I but fear.
And I ain't guilty of the crimes you accuse me of.
But I'm guilty of fear.
I'm sorry to remind.
You but I'm scared of what we're creating.
This life ain't fair.
You don't get something for nothing, turn now.
Mmmm gotta try a little harder.
It could be sweet.
Like a long forgotten dream.
And we don't need them to cast the fate we have.
Love don't always shine thru.
Cos I don't wanna lose.
What we had last time your leaving this life ain't fair.
You don't get something for nothing, turn now.
Mmmm gotta try a little harder.
It could be sweet......
But the thoughts we try to deny.
Take a toll upon our lives.
We struggle on in depths of pride.
Tangled up in single minds.
Cos I don't wanna lose.
What we had last time your leaving this life ain't fair.
You don't get something for nothing, turn back.
Mmmm gotta try a little harder.
Cos I don't wanna lose.
What we had last time your leaving this life ain't fair.
You don't get something for nothing, turn back.
Mmmm gotta try a little harder.
It could be sweet.
Please could you stay awhile to share my grief.
For its such a lovely day.
To have to always feel this way.
And the time that I will suffer less.
Is when I never have to wake.
Wandering stars, for whom it is reserved.
The blackness of darkness forever.
Wandering stars, for whom it is reserved.
The blackness of darkness forever.
... Those who have seen the needles eye, now tread.
Like a husk, from which all that was, now has fled.
And the masks, that the monsters wear.
To feed, upon their prey.
Wandering stars, for whom it is reserved.
The blackness of darkness forever.
Wandering stars, for whom it is reserved.
The blackness of darkness forever.
(always) doubled up inside.
Take awhile to shed my grief.
(always) doubled up inside.
Taunted, cruel.... ....
Wandering stars, for whom it is reserved.
The blackness of darkness forever.
Wandering stars, for whom it is reserved.
The blackness of darkness forever.
Its a fire.
These dreams they pass me by.
This salvation I desire.
Keeps getting me down.
Cos we need to.
Recognise mistakes.
For time and again.
So let it be known for what we believe in.
I can see no reason for it to fail.... ....
Cos this life is a farce.
I can't breathe through this mask.
Like a fool.
So breathe on, sister breathe on.
From this oneself.
Testify or tell.
Its fooling us now.
So let it be known for what we believe in.
I can see no reason for it to fail....
Cos this life is a farce.
I can't breathe through this mask.
Like a fool.
So breathe on, little sister, breathe on.
Ohh so breathe on, little sister, like a fool.
Unable so lost.
I can't find my way.
Been searching, but I have never seen.
A turning, a turning from deceit.
Cos the child roses like.
Try to reveal what I could feel.
I can't understand myself anymore.
But I m still feeling lonely.
Feeling so unholy.
Cos the child roses like.
Try to reveal what I could feel.
But this loneliness.
It just won't leave me alone.
I'm fooling somebody.
A faithless path to roam.
Deceiving to breath this secretly.
This silence, a silence I can't bear.
Cos the child roses like.
Try to reveal what I could feel.
And this loneliness.
It just won't leave me alone.
And this loneliness,.
It just won't leave me alone, ohh no.
A lady of war.
A lady of war.
Ohh, can't anybody see.
We've got a war to fight.
Never found our way.
Regardless of what they say.
How can it feel, this wrong.
From this moment.
How can it feel, this wrong.
Storm.. in the morning light.
I feel.
No more can I say.
Frozen to myself.
I got nobody on my side.
And surely that ain't right.
And surely that ain't right.
Ohh, can't anybody see.
We've got a war to fight.
Never found our way.
Regardless of what they say.
How can it feel, this wrong.
From this moment.
How can it feel, this wrong.
How can it feel, this wrong.
This moment.
How can it feel, this wrong.
Ohh, can't anybody see.
We've got a war to fight.
Never found our way.
Regardless of what they say.
How can it feel, this wrong.
From this moment.
How can it feel, this wrong.
How can I believe this miracle.
Where the wind blows dry.
Thru the force of a man.
Undenied by his eye.
You abandoned me.
How I suffer.
Ridicule breathes a sigh.
You abandoned me.
Lost forever.
Hush, can you hear......
Enter and rejoice this pedestal.
Where the rainbows hide.
Your destiny.
Mystery of all time.
No time make or reason.
Ridicule breathes a sigh.
No time make or reason.
Hush, hear him cry.....
No time, make or reason.
No time, make or reason.
No time, make or reason.
I'm lost, exposed.
Stranger things will come your way.
Its just I'm scared.
Got hurt along time ago.
I can't make myself heard no matter how hard I scream.
Oh sensation.
Sin, slave of sensation.
Full fed yet I still hunger.
Torn inside.
Haunted I tell myself, yet I still wander.
Down, inside, its tearing me apart.
Oh sensation.
Sin, slave of sensation.
I'll never fall in love again.
It's all over now.
Oh sensation.
Sin, slave of sensation.
At last, relief.
A mothers son has left me sheer.
The shores I seek.
Are crimson tastes divine.
I can't make myself heard, no matter how hard I scream.
Oh sensation.
Sin slave of sensation.
I'll never fall in love again.
It's all over now.
I'm so tired of playing.
Playing with this bow and arrow.
Gonna give my heart away.
Leave it to the other girls to play.
For I've been a temptress too long.
Just....
Give me a reason to love you.
Give me a reason to be a woman.
I just wanna be a woman.
From this time, unchained.
We're all looking at a different picture.
Through this new frame of mind.
A thousand flowers could bloom.
Move over and give us some room.
Give me a reason to love you.
Give me a reason to be a woman.
I just wanna be a woman.
So don't you stop being a man.
Just take a little look from outside when you can.
Show a little tenderness.
No matter if you cry.
Give me a reason to love you.
Give me a reason to be a woman.
It's all I wanna be is all woman.
For this is the beginning of forever and ever.
It's time to move over....
Smeared black ink... your palms are sweaty.
And I'm barely listening to last demands.
I'm staring at the asphalt wondering what's buried underneath.
Where I am.
Where I am.
I'll wear my badge... a vinyl sticker with big block letters adherent to my chest.
That tells your new friends I am a visitor here....
I am not permanent.
And the only thing keeping me dry is.
Where I am.
Where I am.
Where I am.
You seem so out of context in this gaudy apartment complex.
A stranger with your door key explaining that I am just visiting.
And I am finally seeing.
Why I was the one worth leaving.
Why I was the one worth leaving.
D.C. sleeps alone tonight.
Where I am.
Where I am.
Where I am.
You seem so out of context in this gaudy apartment complex.
A stranger with your door key explaining that I am just visiting.
And I am finally seeing.
Why I was the one worth leaving.
Why I was the one worth leaving.
Where I am.
Where I am.
Where I am.
The district sleeps alone tonight after the bars turn out their lights.
And send the autos swerving into the loneliest evening.
And I am finally seeing.
Why I was the one worth leaving.
Why I was the one worth leaving.
Why I was the one worth leaving.
Why I was the one worth leaving.
I am thinking it's a sign.
That the freckles in our eyes.
Are mirror images and when.
We kiss they're perfectly aligned.
And I have to speculate.
That God himself did make.
Us into corresponding shapes.
Like puzzle pieces from the clay.
And true, it may seem like a stretch,.
But its thoughts like this that catch.
My troubled head when you're away.
When I am missing you to death.
When you are out there on the road.
For several weeks of shows.
And when you scan the radio,.
I hope this song will guide you home.
They will see us waving from such great heights,.
"Come down now," they'll say.
But everything looks perfect from far away,.
"Come down now," but we'll stay....
I tried my best to leave.
This all on your machine.
But the persistent beat it sounded thin.
Upon listening.
And that frankly will not fly..
You will hear the shrillest highs.
And lowest lows with the windows down.
When this is guiding you home.
They will see us waving from such great heights,.
"Come down now," they'll say.
But everything looks perfect from far away,.
"Come down now," but we'll stay....
They will see us waving from such great heights,.
"Come down now," they'll say.
But everything looks perfect from far away,.
"Come down now," but we'll stay....
They will see us waving from such great heights,.
"Come down now.".
They will see us waving from such great heights,.
"Come down now.".
Last week I had the strangest dream.
Where everything was exactly how it seemed.
Where there was never any mystery of who shot John F. Kennedy.
It was just a man with something to prove.
Slightly bored and severely confused.
He steadied his rifle with his target in the center.
And became famous on that day in November.
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping.
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping in.
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping.
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping in.
Again last night I had that strange dream.
Where everything was exactly how it seemed.
Where concerns about the world getting warmer.
The people thought they were just being rewarded.
For treating others as they'd like to be treated.
For obeying stop signs and curing diseases.
For mailing letters with the address of the sender.
Now we can swim any day in November.
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping.
(now we can swim any day in November).
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping in.
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping.
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping in.
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping in.
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping.
OOo oOo oOo.
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping in.
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping.
OOo oOo oOo.
(Don't wake me I plan on sleeping in.
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping).
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping in.
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping.
OOo oOo oOo.
Will someone please call a surgeon.
Who can crack my ribs and repair this broken heart.
That you're deserting for better company?.
I can't accept that it's over....
And I will block the door like a goalie tending the net.
In the third quarter of a tied-game rivalry.
So just say how to make it right.
And i swear I'll do my best to comply.
Tell me am i right to think that there could be nothing better.
Than making you my bride and slowly growing old together.
I feel I must interject here you're getting carried away feeling sorry for yourself.
With these revisions and gaps in history.
So let me help you remember..
I've made charts and graphs that should finally make it clear..
I've prepared a lecture on why i have to leave.
So please back away and let me go.
I can't my darling i love you so....
Oh, oh.
Tell me am i right to think that there could be nothing better.
Than making you my bride and slowly growing old together.
Don't you feed me lines about some idealistic future.
Your heart won't heal right if you keep tearing out the sutures.
I know that I have made mistakes and i swear.
I'll never wrong you again.
You've got a lure i can't deny,.
But you've had your chance so say goodbye.
Say goodbye.
I take a breath and pull the air in 'til there's nothing left.
I'm feeling green like teenage lovers between the sheets.
Ba ba ba ba ....
Knuckles clenched to white as the landing gear retract for flight.
My head's a balloon inflating with the altitude.
Ba ba ba ba....
I watch the patchwork farms' slow fade into the ocean's arms.
And from here they can't see me stare.
The stale taste of recycled air.
I watch the patchwork farms' slow fade into the ocean's arms.
Calm down, release your cares.
The stale taste of recycled air.
I was waiting for a cross-town train in the London underground when it struck me.
That I've been waiting since birth to find a love that would look and sound like a movie.
So I changed my plans I rented a camera and a van and then I called you.
"I need you to pretend that we are in love again" and you agreed to.
I want so badly to believe that "there is truth, that love is real".
And I want life in every word to the extent that it's absurd.
I greased the lens and framed the shot using a friend as my stand-in.
The script it called for rain but it was clear that day so we faked it.
The marker snapped and I yelled "quiet on the set" and then called "action!".
And I kissed you in a style that Clark Gable would have admired (I thought it classic).
I want so badly to believe that "there is truth, that love is real".
And I want life in every word to the extent that it's absurd.
I know you're wise beyond your years, but do you ever get the fear.
That your perfect verse is just a lie you tell yourself to help you get by?.
I've got a cupboard with cans of food, filtered water,.
And pictures of you and I'm not coming out.
Until this is all over.
And I'm looking through the glass where the light bends.
At the cracks.
And I'm screaming at the top of my lungs pretending.
The echoes belong to someone.
Someone I used to know.
And we become silhouettes when our bodies finally go.
Ba ba ba....
I wanted to walk through the empty streets.
And feel something constant under my feet,.
But all the news reports recommended that.
I stay indoors.
Because the air outside will make our cells.
Divide at an alarming rate until our shells.
Simply cannot hold all our insides in,.
And that's when we'll explode.
(and it won't be a pretty sight).
And we'll become silhouettes when our bodies finally go.
Ba ba ba....
And we'll become silhouettes when our bodies finally go.
Ba ba ba....
And we'll become silhouettes when our bodies finally go.
Ba ba ba....
And we'll become silhouettes when our bodies finally go.
Ba ba ba....
And we'll become.
And we'll become.
This place is a prison.
And these people aren't your friends.
Inhaling thrills through $20 bills.
And the tumblers are drained and then flooded again.
And again.
Ther're guards at the on ramps armed to the teeth.
And you may case the grounds from the cascades to puget sound,.
But you are not permitted to leave.
I know there's a big world out there like the one i saw on the screen.
In my living room late last night,.
It was almost too bright to see.
And i know that it's not a party if it happens every night.
Pretending there's glamour and candelabra.
When you're drinking by candlelight.
What does it take to get a drink in this place?.
What does it take, how long must i wait?.
I'll be the grapes fermented,.
Bottled and served with the table set in my finest suit.
Like a perfect gentlemen.
I'll be the fire escape that's bolted to the ancient brick.
Where you will sit and contemplate your day.
I'll be the waterwings that save you if you start drowning.
In an open tab when your judgment's on the brink.
I'll be the phonograph that plays your favorite.
Albums back as you're lying there drifting off to sleep....
I'll be the platform shoes and undo what heredity's done to you....
You won't have to strain to look into my eyes.
I'll be your winter coat buttoned and zipped straight to the throat.
With the collar up so you won't catch a cold.
I want to take you far from the cynics in this town.
And kiss you on the mouth.
We'll cut our bodies free from the tethers of this scene,.
Start a brand new colony.
Where everything will change,.
We'll give ourselves new names (identities erased).
The sun will heat the grounds.
Under our bare feet in this brand new colony.
Everything will change, oOo oOo....
I'll write you a song and it won't be hard to sing.
It will be a natural anthem, familiar it will seem.
It will rally all the workers on strike for better pay.
And its chorus will resound and boost morale throughout the day.
I'll write you a song and I hope that you won't mind.
Because all the names and places I have taken from real life.
So please don't be upset at this portrait that I paint.
It may be a little biased, but at least I spelled your name right....
I never knew this could happen to me.
I know now fragility.
I know there's people who I haven't told.
I know of people who are getting old.
Wish I could speak in just one sweep.
What you are and what you mean to me.
Instead I mumble randomly.
You stand by and enlighten me.
In a dream I lost my teeth again.
Calling me woman and half man.
Yes in a dream all my teeth fell out.
A cracked smile and a silent shout.
A cracked smile and a silent shout.
If I explain it once thoroughly.
He'll have you later 'cause it's never free.
You were at the gigantic spree.
I caught a glimpse now it haunts me.
I caught a glimpse now it haunts me.
Eyes are sober and this is the plan.
I'm sitting in a car heading Neverland.
A fancy man a fancy man.
He's pointing with the fingers that are left on his hand.
Eyes are hazel but far too cold.
Looking out for love.
But none of us can.
Where's the monkey that I've been told of.
I'm staring at the money.
That burns in my hand.
I'm dancing for dollars.
And for a fancy man.
Come right over.
I'll knock on your shoulder.
This is a story and this is what I've planned.
An angry man an angry man.
Nothing is more fatal than an angry man.
Vulnerable heights.
Feed the hand that bites me.
Following the steam into another room.
Standing in the corner.
Is this my home.
Showing us love that none of us can.
I'm singing for money.
That burns in my hand.
Tell me.
Will I make it home tonight.
I'm doing it for dollars and for a fancy man.
I've got a lot of money that burns in my hand.
oming home after a long, long walk.
Coming home after a dozen of walks.
Coming home after a long, long war.
Coming home after a dozen of wars.
We are out of wind.
We have pockmarked chin.
We have lots of water.
We turn the other cheek and we win.
One thousand stories and there's always more.
We've been offered one more lap to go.
In my hand I hold a key.
It's dear to me cause I know where it leads.
We are out of wind.
We have pockmarked chin.
We have all this water.
We turn the other cheek with a grin.
We came down from the north.
Blue hands and a torch.
Red wine and food for free.
A possibility.
We share our mothers' health.
It is what we've been dealt.
What's in it for me.
Fine, then I'll agree.
Trees there will be.
Apples, fruits maybe.
You know what I fear.
The end is always near.
Trees there will be.
Apples, fruits maybe.
You know what I fear.
The end is always near.
Say you like it.
Say you need it.
When you don't.
Looking better.
Shining brighter.
Than you do.
Say you like it.
Say you need it.
When you don't.
Looking better.
Shining brighter.
Than you do.
Say you like it (Trees there will be).
Say you need it (Apples, fruits maybe).
When you don't (You know what I fear, the end is always near).
Looking better (Trees there will be).
Shining brighter (Apples, fruits maybe).
Than you do (You know what I fear, the end is always near).
Say you like it (We came down from the north).
Say you need it (Blue hands and a torch).
When you don't (Red wine and food for free, a possibility).
Looking better (We share our mothers' health).
Shining brighter (It is what we've been dealt).
Than you do (What's in it for me, fine, then I'll agree).
Say you like it (Trees there will be).
Say you need it (Apples, fruits maybe).
When you don't (You know what I fear, the end is always near).
Looking better (Trees there will be).
Shining brighter (Apples, fruits maybe).
Than you do (You know what I fear, the end is always near).
've got soul in my bones.
Got a home, a dog and a man to call my own.
Every month.
I've got my period.
To take care of.
And to collect in blue tampons.
Na na na.
Na na na.
I've got mace, pepper-spray.
And some shoes that runs faster than a rapist rapes.
What I need is chemical castrations, hope and godspeed.
Na na na.
Na na na.
What I need is chemical castrations, hope and godspeed....
I cut your nails and comb your hair.
I carry you down the stairs.
I wanted to see right through from the other side.
I wanted to walk a trail with no end in sight.
The moment we believe that we have never met.
Another kind of love it's easy to forget.
When we are all alone then we do both agree.
We have a thing in common this was meant to be.
You close my eyes and soothe my ears.
You heal my wounds and dry my tears.
On the inside of this marble house I grow.
And the seeds I sow will grow up prisoners too.
The moment we believe that we have never met.
Another kind of love it's easy to forget.
When we are all alone then we do both agree.
We have a thing in common this was meant to be.
Now where's your shoulder.
What is its name.
What's your scent.
Say it again.
If it goes faster can you still follow me.
It must be safe when it's on TV.
I raise my hands to heaven for curiosity.
I don't know what to ask for.
What has it got for me.
The others say we're hiding.
It's as forward as can be.
Some things I do for money.
Some things I do for free.
Sharpen my body like a pen.
Come on I need to show it.
Something too small for a lense.
If I rub it, if I wipe it.
Guiding with one single hand.
Nothing's wrong, you like the feeling.
I am all over the land.
Come on, I need to show it.
Back on the mountain again.
I was standing watching seasons.
You're now my only friend.
I'm too heavy, I'm the burden.
Sitting and picking on myself.
It's a shiny, shiny morning.
And when the light finds my eye.
I'll be fleeting like a scent.
I hold my breath and then count to three.
On and on, outworn.
Must be five hundred degrees.
Can't sail on, outworn.
I hold my breath and then count to three.
On and on, outworn.
Must be five hundred degrees.
Will it show, in my show.
We can not wait much longer.
We want happiness back.
We want control of our bodies.
Everything we've lacked.
I think I even liked it.
If the feeling was mine.
A little something about my body.
Is it the warmth inside.
When we come home, we want it quiet and calm.
We want you to sing us a song.
When we come home, we pull the curtains down.
Making sure that the TV is on.
If you move a little closer.
I'll tell you what's my aim.
It's every evening on a big screen.
Hosted by celebrities.
I had a dream about deleting and killer whales.
Is it the feeling of your body.
Or is it the feeling of mine.
When we come home, we want it quiet and calm.
We want you to be around.
When we come home, we pull the curtains down.
Making sure that the TV is on.
From off to on.
From off to on.
Too far away from the city.
Some kids left on their own.
They said we had a communist in the family.
I had to wear a mask.
Too far away from the city.
We had to make this room.
Fathers were football players, Volvo workers, policemen.
What the mothers did I didn't know.
Music tonight.
I just want your music tonight.
I saw her by the organ.
She was laughing while pressing the keys.
She said my favourite book was dirty and.
"You should not show you can read".
Too far away from the city.
We never heard its noise.
We learned how to stay fit and things like.
Green tones hide the blush.
Music tonight.
I just want your music tonight.
Music tonight.
I just want your music tonight.
Too far away from the city.
We came to breathe clean air.
Nature lovers' safe oasis.
And the mothers walked towards the forest.
Music tonight.
I just want your music tonight.
Music tonight.
I just want your music tonight.
I've got a new story now and it goes like this.
I took my hand out of my pocket, up came a fist.
It was headline news, one more abuse.
I've got to tell it with a fist.
It goes like this.
Ho ho ho ho (Ho ho ho ho).
Huh huh huh huh (Huh huh huh huh).
Ho ho ho ho (Ho ho ho ho).
Huh huh huh huh (Huh huh huh huh).
So where's the femininity.
The one with skirts and high heels.
A shiny sink and home made meals.
The one and only way.
If you enter you'll stay.
Sons and daughters you will breed.
As long as you breastfeed.
Yeah, being a man is a bliss.
One hit, one kiss.
Ho ho ho ho (Ho ho ho ho).
Huh huh huh huh (Huh huh huh huh).
Ho ho ho ho (Ho ho ho ho).
Huh huh huh huh (Huh huh huh huh).
Then the lights came on, it was all a scene.
Bend back, give head, it's not pornography.
If you do it with lights, then it's art you see.
If you do it with a twist.
Yes, artistically.
Ho ho ho ho (Ho ho ho ho).
Huh huh huh huh (Huh huh huh huh).
Ho ho ho ho (Ho ho ho ho).
Huh huh huh huh (Huh huh huh huh).
I could do the laundry, the women's work.
For a reasonable salary I would wash the world.
It wouldn't affect my libido or my self esteem.
Don't need to mark my territory.
It's all obvious to me.
It's manhood's bliss.
One hit, one kiss.
Spending time with my family.
Like the Corleones.
Ho ho ho ho (Ho ho ho ho).
Huh huh huh huh (Huh huh huh huh).
Ho ho ho ho (Ho ho ho ho).
Huh huh huh huh (Huh huh huh huh).
Spending time with my family.
Like the Corleones.
The doctor came in the morning.
She held my hand.
And asked "was it worth it?".
"Could it be worse than this?".
Please recall.
Give me a hint.
Anything will do.
If this was the last time now you should tell us what to do.
I was afraid I guess.
Now I can't think no more.
I was so concentrated.
On keeping things together.
I've learned to focus on.
I didn't want to disappoint.
Now where is everybody.
Is it still light outside?.
[Kim].
You're it.
No, you're it.
Hey, you're really it.
You're it.
No I mean it, you're it.
Say it.
Don't spray it.
Spirit desire (face me).
Spirit desire (don't displace me).
Spirit desire.
We will fall.
Miss me.
Don't dismiss me.
Spirit desire.
Spirit desire.
We will fall.
Spirit desire.
We will fall.
Spirit desire.
We will fall.
Spirit desire.
We will fall.
[Thurston].
Everybody's talking 'bout the stormy weather.
And what's a man do to but work out whether it's true?.
Looking for a man with a focus and a temper.
Who can open up a map and see between one and two.
Time to get it.
Before you let it.
Get to you.
Here he comes now.
Stick to your guns.
And let him through.
Everybody's coming from the winter vacation.
Taking in the sun in a exaltation to you.
You come running in on platform shoes.
With Marshall stacks.
To at least just give us a clue.
Ah, here it comes.
I know it's someone I knew.
Teenage riot in a public station.
Gonna fight and tear it up in a hypernation for you.
Now I see it.
I think I'll leave it out of the way.
Now I come near you.
And it's not clear why you fade away.
Looking for a ride to your secret location.
Where the kids are setting up a free-speed nation, for you.
Got a foghorn and a drum and a hammer that's rockin'.
And a cord and a pedal and a lock, that'll do me for now.
It better work out.
I hope it works out my way.
'Cause it's getting kind of quiet in my city's head.
Takes a teen age riot to get me out of bed right now.
You better look it.
We're gonna shake it.
Up to him.
He acts the hero.
We paint a zero.
On his hand.
We know it's down.
We know it's bound too loose.
Everybody's sound is round it.
Everybody wants to be proud to choose.
So who's to take the blame for the stormy weather.
You're never gonna stop all the teenage leather and booze.
It's time to go round.
A one man showdown.
Teach us how to fail.
We're off the streets now.
And back on the road.
On the riot trail.
[Thurston].
Snake in it.
Jack into the wall.
TV amp on fire.
Blowin' in the hall.
Gun yr. sled.
Close yr. peeping toms.
Turbo organizer.
Crankin' on the knob.
You got it.
Yeh ride the silver rocket.
Can't stop it.
Burnin hole in yr pocket.
Hit the power.
Psycho helmets on.
You got to splice yr. halo.
Take it to a moon.
Nymphoid clamor.
Fuelling up the hammer.
You got to fake out the robot.
And pulse up the zoom.
You got it.
Yeh ride the silver rocket.
Can't stop it.
Burnin hole in yr pocket.
Can't forget the flashing.
Can't forget the smashing.
The sending and the bending.
The ampisphere re-entry.
You gotta have the time.
Got a letter in your mind.
Gotta heart injection.
That you got yourself a line.
You got it.
Yeh ride the silver rocket.
Can't stop it.
Burnin hole in yr pocket.
To the extent that I wear skirts.
And cheap nylon slips.
I've gone native.
I wanted to know the exact dimension of hell.
Does this sound simple?.
Fuck you! Are you for sale?.
Does 'Fuck you' sound simple enough?.
This was the only part that turned me on.
But he was candy all over.
Come on down to the store.
You can buy some more, and more, and more, and more.
You can buy some more, and more, and more, and more.
You can buy some more, and more, and more, and more.
You can buy some more, and more, and more, and more.
I grew up in a shotgun row.
Sliding down the hill.
Out front were the big machines.
Steel and rusty now I guess.
Outback was the river.
And that big sign down the road.
That's where it all started.
Come on down to the store.
You can buy some more, and more, and more, and more.
Come on down to the store.
You can buy some more, and more, and more, and more.
Come on down to the store.
You can buy some more, and more, and more, and more.
You can buy some more, more, more, more.
Let's go walking on the water.
Come all the way please.
I wanna know.
Should I stay or go?.
No need to be scared.
Let's jump into the day.
I wanna know.
I think I oughta go.
Close your eyes and make believe.
You can do whatever you please.
I wanna know.
I think I better go.
Let's go walkin on water.
Now you think I'm Satan's daughter.
I wanna know.
Please let me go!.
Just too quick.
Now I think I'm gonna be sick.
I wanna know.
Should I stay or go?.
I'm trying for the future.
It's funny that way.
I wanna know.
I wanna know!.
I took a look into the hate.
It made me feel very up to date.
I wanna know.
Should I stay or go?.
Hold me tight, down on my knees.
So I don't go burning 'cross the breeze.
I wanna know.
I wanna know!.
I wanna know.
Should I stay or go?.
Burning 'cross the breeze.
Burning 'cross the breeze.
Blowing 'cross the breeze.
Hatred.
I hate the past.
I can't see anything at all, all I see is me.
That's clear enough.
And that's whats important, to see me.
My eyes can focus.
My brain is talking.
Looks pretty good to me.
My head's on straight, my girlfriend's beautiful.
Looks pretty good to me.
Sometimes I speak.
Tonight there's nothing to say.
Sometimes we freak.
And laugh all day.
Hold these pages up to the light.
See the jacknife inside of the dream.
A railroad runs through the record stores at night.
Coming in for the deep freeze.
Mary: a simple word, are you there in the country?.
Yr eyes so full, yr head so tight.
Can't you hear me?.
Remember our talk.
That day on the phone?.
I was the door, and you were the station.
With shattered glass and miles between us.
We still flew away in the conversation.
My cup is full, and I feel okay.
The world is dull, but not today.
She think's she's a goddess.
She says she talks to the spirits.
I wonder if she can talk to herself?.
If she can bear to hear it?.
This is Eric's trip.
We've all come to watch him slip.
He's slipping all the way to Texas.
Can you dig it?.
(Eric says "The sky is blue...").
I see with a glass eye.
The pavement view.
A shadow forming, across the fields rushing.
Thru me to you.
We tore down the world, and put up four walls.
I breathe in the myth.
I'm over the city, fucking the future.
I'm high and inside yr kiss.
We can't see clear.
But what we see is a alright.
We make up what we can't hear.
And then we sing all night.
Scattered pages and shattered lights.
A jacknife and a dream.
There's something moving over there on the right.
Like nothing I've never seen.
It start at the top.
Now it's spiralling down.
Works best when it's lost.
Diggin' under the ground.
Never mind it now.
We can bring it back.
It's total trash.
And it's a natural fact.
That I'm not no cow.
It's never the same.
It's more than a game.
Can't take it away.
Can't kill all the shame.
It's a guilty man.
That increased the crack.
It's total trash.
Sack 'em on the back.
With a heavy rock.
There he goes again.
Magic monkey friend.
Can I love the time.
That he seems to spend.
With all the kids in town.
It start at the top.
Now it's spiralling down.
Works best when it's lost.
Diggin' under the ground.
Never mind it now.
We can bring it back.
It's total trash.
And it's a natural fact.
That I'm not no cow.
Hey Joni put it all behind you.
Hey Joni now I've put it all behind me too.
These times can't add up.
Yr life is such a mess.
Forget the past, and just say yes.
Tell me Joni, am I the one.
To see you through?.
In this broken town can you still jack in.
And know what to do?.
I remember our youth, our high ideals.
I remember you were so uptight.
That time in the trees, we broke that vice.
We took some steps and now.
We can't think twice.
Tell me Joni, am I right by you?.
Tell me how yr gonna lose this hard luck?.
Hey Joni, when will all these dreams come true?.
You'd better find a way.
To climb down off that truck.
Shots ring out from the center of an empty field.
Joni's in the tall grass.
She's a beautiful mental jukebox.
A sailboat explosion.
A snap of electric whipcrack.
She's not thinking about the future.
She's not spinning her wheels.
She doesn't think at all about the past.
She thinking long and hard.
About that high wild sound.
And wondering will it last?.
Kick it.
Hey Joni, put it all behind you.
There's something turning, Joni, turning right to you.
My head burns, but I know you'll speak the truth, hey!.
Hey Joni, put it all behind you.
Hey Joni, now I've put it all behind me too.
Forget the future.
These times are such a mess.
Tune out the past, and just say yes.
It's 1963.
It's 1964.
It's 1957.
It's 1962.
Put it all behind you.
Now it's all behind you.
"Watt Here! I'm downstairs from your window... if you're up....
Pub 'phone booth... if you're up...(I get tense) [Beep]".
"Thurston! Watt! Thurston! I think it's ten thirty, we're calling.
From Providence, Rhode Island. Did you find your shit? You gotta.
Watch the motin' Thurston, your fuckin' memory just goes out tha window..
We couldn't find it in the van at all, we wonderin' if you looked in.
That trash can. When we threw out that trash, man, was the bag in.
Your hand, did you dump it? Call later. Bye.".
I see a dog star divin' at his magic, snatchin'.
Keeps me up awake go crystal cracking.
I can't wait.
I can't stay, a candle.
Gotta change my mind before it burns out.
I'm the Cocker on the rock.
Wind is whipping through my stupid mop.
I see a falling snowgirl walking Broadway.
Turns the corner at 14th and I know there's no way.
It's alright.
It's alight candle.
And I know she'll be okay by Sunday.
I'm the Cocker on the rock.
Humming bash starts shining.
In your electric clock.
It's safe to say, candle.
Tonight's the day, candle.
It's alright now, candle.
The wind's away, candle.
Never thought I'd see a dog star falling.
I'm the Cocker on the rock.
Wind is whipping through my stupid mop.
Rain King ensures there's nowhere to go.
It's jet stream, daydream, cocksure hard luck show.
His lips a fountain.
His daylight sparks.
He's a shotgun, schoolyard, street-wise, white-hot kid.
Little whipcream, phone call, breakdown, Rain King fist.
His mind a countdown.
His daydream sparks.
I need three years to clear these thoughts, hey.
I like to say I knew one true thing.
It feels like years and all I've done is fought.
And not turned up, anything.
Little black, take roll and roll, over my bed.
I'm waiting here for, some reality crease.
There's one big deadend, in my head.
And not a moment of peace.
Crossfire, Rain King, with his cadillac, kid.
Marries every dictionary from his chain-yard bliss.
His lips a fountain.
His daylight sparks.
He's got a shot in his kick forging the real, when.
He's a steel drum, wedding ring, Pontiac door knob ten.
His mind a countdown.
His daylight sparks.
Hung up on a speed king nation, caught up on a nail.
Hanging tight with time, at least, a little while.
Your sister is a beauty when she's naked, like my kid.
I hear this world, cool world, dreaming of a peaceful kiss.
Look into my eyes, don't you trust me.
Yr so good you could go far.
I'll put you in a movie, don't you want to.
You could be a star.
You could go far.
You've got twistability.
You fly hard, don't you wanna.
You've got kissability.
You could be a star, it ain't hard.
Yr driving me crazy, I feel so sick.
Yr driving me crazy, give us a kiss.
Look into my eyes, don't you trust me.
Yr so soft, you make me hard.
I'll put you on a movie, don't you wanna.
You could be a star, you could go far.
You've got kissability.
You sigh hard, don't you wanna.
You've got twistability.
You could be a star, it ain't hard.
Yr driving me crazy, you smell so sick.
I feel so tired, you made me sick.
Yr driving me crazy, if I feel so sick.
Yr driving me crazy, if I feel so sick.
Look into my eyes, don't you dis' me.
You're so good, you could go far.
I'll put you in a movie, don't you wanna.
You could be a star, you could go far.
You've got twistability.
You fly hard, don't you wanna.
You've got kissability.
You could be a star, it ain't hard.
You're driving me crazy, I feel so sick.
You're driving me crazy, give us a kiss.
See flashing eyes.
They're flashing cross to me.
Burnin up the sky.
Sunshinin to me.
Yr locus crown.
Copkillin heartbeat.
Head's lookin down.
Bowin out to the street.
I'm just walking around.
Yr city is a wonder town.
Lips red to white.
Lips green in blacked night.
Yr spirit flares.
Flarin up leonine.
I'm just walking around.
Yr city is a wonder town.
Transmitter rhyme.
Transmitter all the time.
Lookin up to the sky.
I'm seeing ghosts flyin.
I'm just walkin around.
Yr city is a wonder town.
I think I been there once before.
Something tells me there's so much more.
She's back in town to even the score.
Time to go.
See flashing eyes.
They're flashing 'cross to me.
Burnin' up the sky.
Sunshining into me.
Your locus crown.
Cop-killin' heartbeat.
Head's lookin' down.
Bowin' out, to the street.
I'm just walkin' around.
Your city is a wonder town.
Falling out of sleep, I hit the floor.
Put on some rock tee and I'm out with the door.
From Bowery to Broome to Greene, I'm a walking lizard.
Last night's dream was a talking baby lizard.
All comin' from hu-man imagination.
Day dreaming days in a daydream nation.
Smashed-up against a car at three A.M..
Kids just up for basketball, beat me in my head.
There's bum trash in my hall and my place is ripped.
I've totaled another amp, I'm calling in sick.
It's an anthem in a vacuum on a hyperstation.
Day dreaming days in a daydream nation.
Kids cruise away, pack of chickenshits.
This guy is ours, dark stains on his pants.
Enough to make a butcher out of the bone.
Take a walk in the park? Shit, yeah!.
A poor boy, a rich boy.
A poor rich boy coming right through me.
Rich boy, poor boy.
Poor rich boy coming right through me.
I HATE LABELS.
 I DON’T LIKE HAVING TO PUT EVERYTHING INTO LITTLE BOXES.
 BUT IF YOU HAD TO LABEL ME, I GUESS YOU COULD CALL ME… REAL.
I WANT TO BE THE SAME AS ALL THE DIFFERENT PEOPLE.
LANA DEL REY IS ONE OF THE BEST MUSICAL EXPONENTS OF HER GENERATION.
IS THIS VEGAN?.
YOU CAN’T BEGIN TO FULLY APPRECIATE KAFKA UNTIL YOU READ HIM IN GERMAN.
IT’S NOT A SCARF.
 IT’S A TRADITIONAL COLOMBIAN GARMENT.
THEY SOUND SO MUCH BETTER ON VINYL.
WHEN I DIE, I’M LEAVING MY BODY TO ART.
CAN YOU CALL ME BACK? I’M KNITTING A COVER FOR MY IPAD.
MY MUSIC DOESN’T REALLY HAVE A GENRE, BUT IF I HAD TO DEFINE IT I’D PROBABLY SAY ‘ORGANIC GARAGE’.
WHAT’S YOUR INSTAGRAM HANDLE?.
IT’S KIND OF LIKE BONO MEETS WEEZER? BUT IT’S JUST ME AND A UKULELE.
I HEARD SHE’S MAKING SOME SERIOUS WAVES IN THE HEMP INDUSTRY.
WELL YOU CAN’T JUST GET THEM ANYWHERE, YOU NEED TO KNOW THE RIGHT PLACES.
…AND THIS IS MY GIRLFRIEND, RAINBOWE.
IS THAT FAIR TRADE?.
I GOT DONNIE DARKO THE FIRST TIME I WATCHED IT.
SOMEONE REALLY NEEDS TO INVENT A MOUSTACHE-FRIENDLY HARMONICA.
I SAW THEM IN THIS REALLY SMALL VENUE LAST YEAR.
IT’S FROM THE ORGANIC FRUIT STALL ON CHAMBERS STREET.
 YOU’VE PROBABLY NEVER HEARD OF IT.
I’M THINKING OF TAKING SOME TIME OFF TO WORK ON MY SOLO STUFF.
THANKS, I WOVE IT MYSELF.
SOVEREIGN RINGS ARE SO CLICHÉ-CHIC.
BON IVER IS SUCH A SELLOUT.
UGH… ARIAL.
I BET HIS AFRO ISN’T EVEN IRONIC.
THIS IS DEFINITELY GOING INTO MY BLOG.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU’RE OUT OF LEATHER IPHONE PURSES?.
YOU CALL THAT A FEDORA?.
WELL I’M PLANNING ON MOVING TO LONDON TO OPEN MY OWN GLUTEN-FREE BAKERY, BUT AT THE MOMENT I’M JUST KIND OF LAYING LOW AND WORKING ON MY NOVEL.
Hey want to come to my high school play except I’m calling it a band?.
I’m writing a book called “Chicken Soup for the Twenty-Something Teenage Soul.”.
Should I get excited when a mainstream artist is nominated for a mainstream award?.
Kids on the Youtube, learning how to be cool.
Rather be dead than cool.
I’m beat to the square, and square to the beat, and that’s my vocation.
They're actually not that good live.
I was into them like, two years ago.
I like the remix better.
Have you heard their side project?.
Their single is the worst song on the album.
This is the most important album of the decade.
My friend used to date the lead singer.
I only like their early stuff.
The radio ruined that song.
I grew up with them.
Your beanie can never be too far back on your head.
I dont match colors.
 Colors match themselves.
I think rolling up my pant legs to my ankles is just a must on all occasions.
Yeah I totally would sign up for Greenpeace.
100% non-chinese child labor clothing is my ish.
Who are you again?.
I HEARD SHE’S MAKING SOME SERIOUS WAVES IN THE HEMP INDUSTRY.
Sorry, I only use products that are still in beta.
I don't believe in labels.
IS IT EVEN ORGANIC?.
CAN YOU NOT?!.
VEGAN.
LOL.
I CANT EVEN.
I KIND OF WANT A HOT DOG.
IM SO EXCITED FOR FALL.
YOU GUYS!.
WHAT DOES YOUR TATTOO MEAN?.
MEET YOU AT THE PARK BRING YOUR DOGS LETS TALK ABOUT TATTOOS.
like i have money.
sorry not sorry.
my struggle bus is vintage.
i got it at a thrift store across town.
i have to order parts from europe to fix my bike.
but how do you know it's fair trade?.
is this ice cream vegan?.
are you sure about that?.
you've probably never heard of them.
i only eat at pop ups and food truck.
their food went to shit when they went brick and mortar.
Because duh.
Stop it right now.
Really tho.
Said no one ever.
Wait but why?.
Literally dying.
Srsly.
Srsly?.
#THIS.
My phone died.
Do you have any cash?.
They only take cash.
I know, right?.
Totes.
he would be so much more attractive if he didn't post so many selfies.
I'm nowhere close to where I thought I'd be at this age.
 What am I doing with my life?.
Dude, I got so turnt last night!.
This article doe.
That party was too turnt!.
It’s hella hot outside today.
Karen only wears oversized frockets and leggings.
 She’s hella basic.
She threw shade at me in front of everyone and thought I wouldn’t realize.
This song is giving me life! YAS!.
I totally ship Piper and Alex! My all-time favorite ship is Ross and Rachel.
Those tacos were good AF.
Did you see his eyes? He was lit af.
You always have my back, fam.
let's do brunch.
best brunch spot in the city, you can't even get there on the bus.
i can't, i'm in an uber right now.
A truly tasty burger requires no secrets; use only fresh ingredients, prepare them to order, and serve it as promptly as possible.
 This one was delivered as promised on a soft Firebrand bun with pungent Point Reyes bleu cheese and sweet caramelized onions.
 I opted for mine to be grilled medium-rare and to be spared the mushrooms.
The kitchen at GLK did not disappoint.
 My goodness was this sandwich delicious! Augmented by perfectly seasoned French fries and an ice cold pint, I relished every bite while dining outside overlooking Lake Merritt, enjoying the company of my girlfriend and strangers that were seated close by who all felt as strongly about their selection of entrees as I did mine.
They told me that that a total remodeling of the place had just been completed three days ago.
 So I guess I'll just have to come back to check that out at brunch someday soon.
  I'm already looking forward to it already.
I'm torn because the food was inventive yet pedestrian in execution.
Eggs Bennie is my fave and go to brunch meal.
 It's the yardstick of a good spot.
 Again,  torn.
 It was good, not great.
Innovative- check.
 They replaced the English muffin with rye bread, presumably from Acme, and the fruit with an salad with a nice vinegarette.
  Score!.
Execution- the eggs came out over cooked.
 They should've never come out of the kitchen.
 They have just re-opened after a major reno and people are swarming like bees.
 I put this down to the kitchen getting used to the new flow.
Staff- totally saved their bacon.
 Really.
  The hostess is very gracious and adept at empathizing with customers.
 It takes a special person to get people excited for an hour wait by sending them to the farmers market and making it convenient to check in.
  I sat in essentially the serve area for the bar.
  The bartender made it the best seat in the house.
 She is very thorough and attentive in her job.
 Her mimosa was delish.
Trouble is the crowd and a need to turn tables.
 Brunch is supposed to be, or at least feel, leisurely.
 It was fun but I can see myself relaxing there.
I absolutely love this spot.
I was looking for a good brunch place not in SF and found Grand Lake Kitchen.
 The restaurant is pretty damn small but if you can ge.
t there at a good time, the wait isn't terrible.
 It's also nice that the lake is right outside so you can just hang out if the weather permits.
My friend and I ordered the Savory French Toast and the Pork Belly Hash.
 I don't rteally remember the hash, because the savory french toast was SO FREAKING GOOD.
 The flavor combos here just worked so well.
 So well, in fact, that I ate here a little over a year ago and I'm just now writing the review.
I was also recently introduced to chilaquiles, which I see is on the menu here, so I'm making it a goal to return sometime soon!.
No wait at dinner time.
  Thoughtful food prepared with love and care.
  Nice breeze on the patio and lovely alcoholic and nonalcoholic drink options.
  I will be back for brunch to see if it can live up to the hype and long lines.
This is by far in my top three places to eat.
  I've usually just picked up a sandwhich, but I went for breakfast and has just a full on delicious meal.
  It was a little chilly, but they provided blankets, which actually made the experience a little more fun.
The coffee is just right.
  I got the soft scrambled eggs and it was just delicious.
  My dad got the oyako egg salad open faced on rye and the eggs had such a different flavor and texture but equally delicious.
I just love the flavors here.
  The portions are perfect.
  And I absolutely loved the staff.
  Whatever they're doing just keep doing it.
  Love this place.
30 minute wait for brunch on a Monday? Must be that good, eh it was just alright.
 Came here for my birthday with a few friends, and we all shared what we ordered.
FOOD: I had the chilaquiles since it was highly recommended.
 Personally, I didn't like how soggy the chips were and the salsa lacked flavor.
 Out of the two dishes my friends ordered, oyaka and savory French toast, the savory French toast stood out for its unique flavors.
 There is actually no French toast involved, just toasted rye bread for the base, topped with arugula and poached eggs.
 The oyaka was an open faced egg salad sandwich topped with chicken skin.
 My friend liked it, and I thought it just okay.
 But honesty, it's hard to mess up an egg salad.
DRINKS: We shared a pitcher of POG mimosas, which were perfect for the hot weather.
OVERALL: I might come back to try out other things on the menu, but will stay away from the chilaquiles.
What a lovely spot.
 My beau and I went here on our last day in California, and to check out the spot as the friend we visited is the manager.
 Most of the seating is outside (until the expansion is completed) but it was a nice enough day so we plopped down and ordered.
I had the strawberry French toast with a side of scrambled eggs.
 My boo had the eggs Benedict with toast, a side of greens and bacon.
 Our meal was so amazing!! Some of the best eggs I've ever had.
 They were light and fluffy yet moist and cheesy without being over cooked.
 The French toast was delicious.
 Lightly toasted on the outside and soft on the inside.
 Fresh strawberries, whip cream and yummy maple syrup.
It hasn't even been a month since our visit and I already miss the food.
 If you're in the Oakland area, do your mouth a favor and swing by this spot.
4.
5 stars.
 I'm falling more and more in love with Oakland each time I visit, especially this area around Lake Merritt.
 Such gorgeous views with hip things to do, like brunch! I randomly searched for brunch places around here, and Grand Lake Kitchen was first on the list.
 My boyfriend and I put our names on the list, took a brief walk around Lake Merritt, then came back just in time for our names to be called.
We were seated on the outdoor patio.
 It was a warm Oakland day.
 Perfect for brunch outside.
 What a lively vibe.
 Much different from having brunch in San Francisco, I'd say.
 I ordered the Pastrami Benedict which was served on rye bread.
 so unique and tasty! Lots of cool things on the menu, whether brunch, lunch, or snacks.
 My boyfriend got the Pork Belly Hash which did not look as appealing as the Pastrami Benedict but equally delicious.
Inside the actual restaurant seems more narrow, but you get to see the chefs work their magic, which is pretty cool.
 Overall it's definitely worth the trek to Grand Lake Kitchen.
 They have an excellent selection of meats that you can't miss!.
Got here around 11 and didn't get seated until 11:45.
 Be prepared for that wait!.
This place is tiny! But the food is great and the Bellinis are pretty good too.
I ordered the savory French toast and would recommend adding the prosciutto as I went without and kind of felt it was lacking.
 I did love that the savory French toast had arugella and mushrooms.
 Yuuuuum! Plus poached eggs were cooked well.
 One was slightly over done but didn't affect the dish at all.
Friend ordered the soft scramble and it looked.
 basic but tasted pretty good.
Although a tiny spot along Lake Merritt, Grand Lake Kitchen is truly a gem! I stopped in for a late breakfast/brunch and I would highly recommend it.
 Although it's tempting to sit inside at the counter and watch the chefs work their magic, the umbrellaed outdoor patio gives a beautiful (although a touch away) view of beautiful Lake Merritt.
 Although we visited on a Monday late morning (note: they're closed all day Tuesdays!), there was a steady stream of people waiting for tables throughout our visit.
We started with a bottled rose lemonade (although it isn't made in house, I always order a Fentimans soda when available) and a hibiscus cleanse (more sour than I expected but different in a good way).
 From there we ordered the dungeness crab appetizer, served on toasted bread with avocado and topped with fresh greens.
 This was truly a spectacular dish, the crab was amazing and the flavors combined perfectly and were crisp and fresh.
 Perfect appetizer to split between two people.
 For our main course we ordered the Italian sandwich, which they cut in the kitchen for us and served on two plates, a nice touch, with a pickled vegetable on the side.
 The ACME bread that it was served on (as most of the sandwiches are served on) is spectacular, sandwiches delicious meats, lettuce, tomato and swiss cheese.
 You will not be disappointed with this pick from the menu!.
Grand Lake Kitchen is a restaurant that, if I lived in the area, I would return to over and over again.
 Everything coming out of the kitchen looked delicious and I've heard from others positive things about so many dishes.
 It's a place where it'd be easy to explore the menu and always want to order something new.
 They also sell a variety of specialty products in the restaurant, including Durham, NC made Big Spoon peanut butter (shout out to my home city!) One note: they don't accept American Express here.
This is my favorite brunch spot in Oakland.
 You have to get there early though, there's always a wait.
 I think the wait is worth it! The front patio is great too, it's right across from lake Merritt.
 I love the pastrami eggs Benedict.
 The pellinis are super good too! Even if it's cold out, sit on the front prior.
 They will give you blankets to keep warm.
Cheers to Yelp again for helping me find a delicious brunch place.
 My bf's favorite meal of the day is brunch so off we go searching for one when I found this place.
 I'm assuming they're expanding since there's construction going on next door.
 Great if they are!.
Seatings are limited but we went on a weekday so snagged a table right away.
 Love their outdoor seating area that is across from Lake Merritt.
 Great place for a full belly then cross the street to walk it off.
We order the Savory French Toast and Chilaquiles.
 Great house coffee.
 Would have been nice if they came by to check on us and refill it without asking.
but waitress was a sweetheart so all good.
SFT was delicious! I failed to add on prosciutto and it was still rich with flavor.
 Wouldn't think that of just toast, eggs, arugula and cheese but the combination with the herb oil and sauté wild mushrooms made it a worth-order dish!.
Now to the Chilaquiles.
I love Mexican food but can't bring myself to like it for breakfast/brunch.
 It's my personal taste so don't take my word for it.
 BF thought it was good but not exceptional.
 Maybe.
only maybe if they give you an option to add carne asada or al pastor.
now that would be my type of a brunch!.
Short and sweet:.
"Deli-style" old-school restaurant feel.
 The food was everything I've heard about it being.
 We had the savory French toast.
 Don't be scared, homie.
 It was unbelievable.
 I've been hearing about it for months.
 Everything it was supposed to be.
Friendly, attentive service.
With a beautiful view situated right across Lake Merritt, this place is in a perfect spot to sit back on a Sunday morning and eat some delicious food.
  It was a 20 minute wait and none of us minded when they handed us some mimosas and coffee so that we could sit in their outside patio soaking up some sun.
  Lucky for us, the weather was perfect.
 Warm enough to take off our jackets and grey blankets draped on the chairs in case we got chilly.
Let's get to the most important part of this experience and talk about the food.
   Because that's what we care about the most right?  Here you go folks, straight from the menu right to you.
*CRAB TOAST - DUNGENESS CRAB, AVOCADO, PICKLED CHERRY PEPPER VINAIGRETTE, SOURDOUGH 14.
00.
  Yessss.
 Generous portion of crab meat, salad greens and perfectly toasted sourdough.
  Couldn't get enough of this stuff.
  It was so good that had they given us a bigger portion, I would have kept stuffing my mouth.
  Not cute.
*CHILAQUILES - TORTILLA CHIPS, SALSA ROJA, BLACK BEANS, 2 EGGS SUNNY, AVOCADO, QUESO FRESCO, SOUR CREAM, PICKLED RED ONIONS 12.
00  I'm going to be in the minority and say that I wasn't impressed with this.
  The red sauce was bland and nothing about this stood out to me.
  Wouldn't order it again.
*SAVORY FRENCH TOAST - RYE BREAD IN PORCINI BATTER, 2 POACHED EGGS, WILD MUSHROOMS, PARMESAN, ARUGULA, HERB OIL 13.
00  Savory French Toast?  Talk about first time for everything.
  I was glad I got to pop this cherry because boy oh boy.
  This was good.
  The french toast itself was slightly crunchy on the outside, seasoned with a pinch of salt.
 The rest of the ingredients were the perfect accompaniment.
  Pancetta on top gave it a nice salty kick and we practically inhaled this entire plate.
I have to add in that their bathroom was immaculate.
  If you've read my other reviews, you know how much I appreciate a clean toilet bowl.
  Good job Grand Lake Kitchen.
  You have impressed me.
perfect for wkend brunch.
Pork belly hash & sourdough French toast are the best.
  we always come here for these.
we've tried some benedicts.
and it was good too but Pork belly hash & sourdough French toast are something really special about this restaurant.
all servers are super nice!!! Thank that I can start my wkend morning pleasantly w these great food and awesome servers.
THEY ARE BACK AND THEY BETTA!.
Bigger inside more seating with a bar! Same amazing customer service and delicious food! Love this place so much I always leave happy and stuffed.
People who have read my reviews know that breakfast/brunch is my least favorite meal to eat out.
 Mainly because I'm always underwhelmed.
 I've yet to find an amazing brunch in East Bay.
Grand Lake Kitchen has been on my list to try though due to the great reviews and alluring photos.
 Since me and the BF were free on a Thursday morning, I decided to give it a try!.
There was no wait, but we decided to sit outside since it was nice and cool.
 They gave us blankets to keep warm, which I thought was a nice touch!.
We ordered the chilaquiles and the savory french toast.
 It was my first time having chilaquiles and I wasn't that impressed.
 Soggy chips, coquita cheese and unseasoned black beans.
 The scrambled eggs were soft but lackluster on their own.
  Ample amount of avocado! I felt like everything was on the bland side and I needed to use salt on everything (which I usually never do).
 The savory french toast was interesting and the poached egg was cooked perfectly.
 I loved the mushrooms! But I found the huge amount of arugula to be a bit much.
 Portions were decent size.
 However, it wasn't a WOW dish for me either.
 Overall, I found both dishes to be just okay.
The service was really friendly and attentive though, checking up on use to make sure we were good since we were the only ones sitting outside.
The search continues.
Extremely cute brunch & lunch place in Oakland near Lake Merritt.
 This spot is kind of small and crammed, but the food is fresh and not too greasy.
 My partner and I split the breakfast sandwich and ordered a side salad with roasted chicken.
 The breakfast sandwich was delicious and I especially loved the acme bread it was on.
 The bread was soft and not too hard and it blended well with the eggs and bacon.
 We decided to substitute the ham for bacon at a $1 extra as I am not a fan of ham.
 The salad was pretty good too and the dressing had a mustard vinaigrette dressing.
I was a little disappointed because I wanted to try the pork belly hash which is only served on the weekends so I will definitely need to be back when I'm in the Bay Area again.
 They also sell chips, spreads, bread and some other groceries on a shelf near the entrance.
Grand Lake Kitchen is/was good.
 I have no complaints about the food or the service.
 However, I don't think it warrants the rating it has on here.
I had one of their recommended sandwiches.
 It was good, but it was nothing to write home about.
 If you decide to eat here, the portions can be small, so you may have to order side dishes.
There are a couple of things I have on repeat at this joint.
Because they don't have a ton of veggie options.
French toast with oven-toasted blackberries? Heaven.
Huevos rancheros? Good but not Mexican enough (calm down, I'm Mexican, so I have license to say that).
Red potato salad? Good.
Obama sammie? Great:).
Usually love brunching at Oakland Grill around the corner; in fact it's my fave spot in Oakland to brunch hands down but decided to try something different so we tried out Chop Bar instead.
Ordered the pork belly hash, it was absolutely delish, hats off to the chefs.
 Also ordered mimosas, it was meh.
 My friend wasnt impressed with this place however the ambience more then made up for it.
 The interior had a beautiful layout woodsy country theme with a modern twist.
 Decided to try the outdoor sitting, just perfect for a summer day.
 Nice cool breeze and the opportunity to people watch :).
2 stars for the servers, they were not friendly, lacked enthusiasm but I didn't let that ruin my vibe.
 Check out this spot when you're in the area!.
Decent place for weekend brunch in a casual, relaxed setting.
I opted for the eggs Benedict, which was pretty good - the Hollandaise sauce was nice and smooth and the eggs were cooked perfectly, although the English muffin was a bit tough.
 I also enjoyed the Bloody Mary with bacon, which had a good combination of saltiness and spice.
Service is not the most engaging, but adequate for the prices.
Friendly service, chic-industrial interior, so-so brunch food.
The pork belly hash left something to be desired.
 so says mi amigo.
And the Eggs ala Cazuela with Veggie Mojo? Well, first let me translate that for non espanol speakers- eggs baked in roasted tomato-pepper sauce.
Now for my review of that dish.
 En espanol- Es ok.
 In English- It's okay.
Two eggs swimming in tomato sauce.
 Soak up the sun (of sauce) with roasted potatoes and 2 small slices of acme bread.
 I feel a side salad or some greenery would've spruced things up- evened out that sauce, carbs, and eggs dynamic.
 Hello, Salt.
 Nice to meet you.
The laid-back vibe and open window seating creates an enjoyable atmosphere.
 Close to Jack London square (not near the water but in the warehouse area), Chop Bar is a 10 minute walk from the Lake Merritt bart stop.
 I hear their oxtail poutine fries are good, so I'd get that if I came another time.
 Seems like a fun place for a happy hour.
I've been here twice and I have yet to eat anything that I would reorder.
 The drinks, however, are delicious.
The bacon bloody Mary is tangy, spicy, sweet and robust.
 Do yourself a favor and get a group together for brunch and order the Bacon Bloody Mary.
 Your taste buds will appreciate it.
isited on Valentine's Day!.
It wasn't too busy yet since we came early.
 Food was aiiittteee.
 I ordered the polenta and mimosa.
 Mimosa was good.
 Polenta was fine.
 Nothing special.
 It's a cute place f'sho.
The cute table gave my sweater dress a splinter.
 Good thing it didn't puncture through my dress.
Nothing else on the menu stood out to me so I probably won't be back.
It'a located in good ol' Jack London square.
 Nice location good for dates.
 Walk around and catch the farmer's market.
 Or catch whatever is going on at Jack London square! They have Jack of all trades.
 Movies in the summer.
 The list goes on.
Great food at reasonable prices.
 Taken out of town guests here twice and everyone has commented on the excellent quality of the food.
Food - fantastic! I've tried or sampled: pork banh mi, mussels, chicken torta, the chop burger, Ruben, and fish tacos.
 All were flawless and would order each item again.
 I would give special attention to the broth with the mussels and ask for extra bread; you don't want to let that broth go to waste.
Drinks- again fantastic! I've tried the Bloody Mary with and without Bacon - highly recommend either as they tickle all different flavor areas on your tongue.
  Also had a Spicy Q, drink with rum and jalapeño, would order on the rocks next time but delicious.
Service - first visit was absolutely amazing - server was a mind reader - on it for drink orders and brought extra bread for the mussels without us even asking.
  I tipped 30% in appreciation.
Second visit was sub-par.
 I just felt like the server didn't want to be there and didn't ask if we wanted a second round of drinks when we were low.
 Ended up not ordering more drinks because we finished our food.
 Also asked how was the food while facing another table and not making eye contact.
 Head wasn't in the game.
 Essentially barely checking on us after the food came out.
 I was server for 4 years, we all have those off days (or hangovers), I get it.
Atmosphere - really love the bar and wood elements inside.
 Pig pictures on the walls and pig toilet paper holder in bathroom is a funny touch.
 Saw a TV but it was not on during lunch hours for either visit.
not sure if that was intentional or not but it created more of a conversational experience at my table with dudes who would have normally zoned out to sportscenter.
 Didn't bother me either way, just felt it should be noted.
Overall - 4 Stars - would give them a 5 except for service on second visit.
 Perfect ratings are reserved for perfect restaurants.
Pastrami Potato Hash was well seasoned, poached eggs were done perfectly and the potatoes were solid.
The frittata was a unique twist on the classic.
 There's was thinner with a crispy bottom vs traditional ones that is thicker and more reminiscent of a pie.
The variety is good but not the best for vegetarians especially during brunch.
Expect to wait especially during peak times.
Overall Thoughts.
I am glad I got a chance to try Chop Bar and more grateful that I didn't leave disappointed.
Not going to lie, one of the best parts of Chop Bar is that you can call 30 min in advance and put your name down for a table.
 I was on Bart when I called and upon arrival a table was waiting for us! A few other groups were waiting outside for brunch but we just sat right down.
 (if only SF places were like this.
).
Walking up, we saw some people with the bloody marys and they looked incredible! I personally don't like bloody marys but my friend said it wasn't quite as spicy as she would have liked.
 The pickled veggies and the bacon that come with it were delicious though!.
I got the french toast with apples and walnuts.
 The toast was pretty fluffy and thoroughly soaked in syrup.
 In fact, the toast was in a pool of syrup so the last few bites were a bit too soggy.
 I also wished there had been more apples and walnuts because that would have added more texture to the dish.
Chop Bar is a great spot for brunch and lunch.
Brunch: 4 stars, Lunch: 3 stars.
 Dinner: 3 stars.
Although the brunch menu may look like your typical brunch, they really do a great job.
 The quality of ingredients and the flavors are on point.
 The chilaquiles and french toast are delicious.
 Lunch is also good too but the few times I've been I wasn't too impressed with their menu.
 One item I really enjoyed was their clams.
 My mom had the pork banh-mi and I wasn't too impressed when I tried it.
 It was expensive and made with great quality ingredients I'm sure, but it didn't beat a $4 banh mi I could get in chinatown.
 I also tried the oxtail poutine which was a little too saucy and it needed either more fries or bread on the side to dip into it.
 Delicious but I couldn't just slurp the gravy on its own.
All in all, the service is great and there is a great amount of parking near by.
 The ambiance is nice with indoor and outdoor seating.
 The last time I went Festus Ezeli from the warriors was sitting near me.
 I was pretty star struck and decided not to disturb him, but that was a cool memory of this place! (:.
Wanted to try the Bloody Mary ($8) at this place since I heard it was good.
 I had never had one before, so I figured I might as well start with a good one.
 Needless to say, I don't think I'm the Bloody Mary type.
 It had a nice flavor, but it's too spicy and more like a meal in a glass (I'm also not a fan of milkshakes with my food).
 I do recommend getting it with bacon ($2 extra), as it's some of the best I've had.
The food came to us oddly quick.
 Within minutes.
We ordered the asparagus appetizer ($11).
 It came with a poached egg and some sort of green sauce.
 Flavor was nice, but it was a little salty.
 Not too salty, just a little.
I got the Chop Bar Burger for my meal ($14) with Swiss cheese ($1 extra, but some add-ons were $2 extra).
 Meat-wise, the burger was top notch.
 And I liked the bun, too.
 Other than that, there weren't a whole lot of other flavors going on.
 Just the bacon, which merely added to the saltiness of the patty.
 The Swiss cheese and the aioli were non-existent.
 I even asked for more aioli for extra taste.
 It only barely helped.
 It wasn't a bad burger by any means.
 It was just too reliant on the bold meat flavor and needed a little more craft.
My dad got the pork confit ($20) with a side of Jo-Jos ($6), which are basically potato wedges.
 The pork was very flavorful, and so were the potatoes.
They specialize in meat, and they passed with flying colors in that department.
 It's just that they tend to add a lot of ingredients that merely sound good on paper without truly complimenting each other.
Also, this place is a tad bit pricey.
 $8 for the Bloody Mary isn't bad, but the food is just too expensive for the quality.
 I've had better for less.
But most importantly, this place was good enough to make me want to come back to try their other menu items.
We heard the meatloaf was good, but I guess we'll save that for next time.
Try ordering ANYTHING off the menu.
 These guys have ZERO interest in giving a customer a satisfying experience.
 I feel bad because the chefs are working hard trying to make amazing food and it's being served by these indifferent "hipster barrista" types.
Damn disappointing.
Sunday brunch was most excellent.
 We were seated fairly quickly.
 The staff was incredibly attentive and nice.
 All smiles!.
The French toast is a big win.
 Custard-dipped brioche with candied walnuts, apples and whipped cream.
 It was to die for.
Other big wins was the chiliquiles with chorizo and salsa verde.
 A really big portion.
The side of bacon was meh.
 It was actually one slice of bacon cut in three chunks.
 It wasn't particularly tasty and $5 which was a bit of a rip off.
Coffee was most excellent and local.
Will definitely visit this place again.
I love that this place lets you call ahead for brunch to put your name down on the list.
 I cannot appreciate that enough.
 I oftentimes will avoid brunch in SF because I don't want to wait over an hour after I get there just to get seated.
I tried the bloody mary "baconized".
 I saw other people with the bloody mary as we walked in and decided right then that I had to get it.
 It looked like a pretty standard bloody mary, but with bacon on top (I know, right?!)!! Not sure how much I actually liked the bacon in it, but it was definitely an interesting twist.
 The bloody mary itself was decent, a little on the tomato-y side, not super spicy.
The menu is not super extensive, but has your standard brunch options.
 Between me and my friends, we ordered a few different things.
1) Pastrami hash (with poached eggs) - I had this, it was pretty tasty, nothing particularly special about it, but it was good.
 I enjoyed it, though it was more like chunks of pastrami and potato, rather than a hash really.
2) Pork belly frittata - The pork belly in the frittata looked like it had a good fat to lean ratio (which is important!) but wasn't seasoned quite enough.
3) Eggs cazuela.
4) French toast.
Chop Bar is the good Oakland, the kind you want to show off to your friends.
It's located in a cool loft space in Jack London, within walking distance from the Blue Bottle flagship location.
 The wait on a Sunday afternoon teeters around 20 mins, which isn't all that bad in comparison to some spots in San Francisco.
The menu features all kinds of new American and California inspired plates.
 Their burger is a serious force to be reckoned with.
 This is one of the best burgers I've ever had.
 Let me lay this out for you.
 the bun is somewhere between sourdough and a pastry.
 It is remarkable.
 The hamburger patty is so thick and so juicy and as you eat this thing, the juices dribble out and the soft part of the bun soaks it up.
 Thick, hickory smoked slices of bacon and avocado adorn this creation.
 Make sure to add cheese too because, holy crap, the melted swiss cheese on this thing was delicious.
 I asked for medium rare and received a very well done patty, but I was too hungry to do anything about it.
 Kind of a bummer, so make sure your waiter knows you're not playing around.
They only have 4 beers on tap, none of which is a pilsner, and all their taps were broken when I went.
 Basically their only downfall is being a beer buzzkill.
I feel like Chop Bar can do no wrong.
I've had dinner here twice, and stopped in one time for lunch.
  While it can get kind of loud in this small, intimate space, you'll probably be too busy savoring the amazing food to want to talk to whoever else you're with.
  Just keeping it 100.
Their agua frescas ($3) are, well, refreshing.
  If you want something other than water, but that won't drive your BAC up, this is a great choice.
  I had a watermelon one for dinner and it had the faintest hint of lime in it, too.
  Even with the striking blend of flavors, I think it blended pretty well with the pork chop I ordered that evening.
For lunch, I opted for their pork Bolognese with pac mac noodles by Baia Pasta (shop.
baiapasta.
com/produ…) - $18.
  If you're not in the mood for meat, there's also a seasonal vegetable option, too.
  With a generous portion of shaved parmesan on top, this dish really hit the spot.
  Just the right ratio of noodles to sauce, with plenty of chunks of savory ground pork.
The first time I had dinner here, I went for the oxtail poutine - $20 (french fries, oxtail gravy, Fiscalini cheddar).
  I might or might not have licked the plate clean.
The second time I went for dinner, I ordered the pork chop and chose kale and mashed potatoes as my side dishes (you also have the option of going with their mac and cheese) - $24.
  Their mashed potatoes were just too good.
  I honestly want to ask them to double up on the mashed potatoes next time.
  Maybe i'll just beg for a bowl as my entree.
  The kale was cooked perfectly with onions and garlic, too, and I definitely felt less guilty eating them.
 but the mashed potatoes!!!  As for the pork chop, goodness.
  There was a slight crust that formed all around while the interior remained tender and moist.
  It came in a pool of gravy that complimented it nicely, too, not salty or gelatinous as some gravies can be.
I would definitely be proud to show this gem of a gastropub to friends and family.
  Maybe next time I'll try some appetizers and desserts, too.
We came here for brunch on Mother's Day , we called about 30 mins ahead and was seated almost right away.
 The food arrived quickly and the server was great.
 We got the pork hash , the eggs Benedict and eggs Benedict with crab and the torta.
 All the food was perfect and cooked wonderfully.
 The torta was almost like a banh mi fusion but I'm not complaining , I probably wouldn't call it a torta but it was delicious.
 The crab eggs Benedict tasted amazing , they were really generous with the crab and came with a generous side of potatoes.
 Of course I can't forget about the hot sauce , they had cholula and a house made sauce that was really smokey and delicious but pretty spicy.
 I can't wait to come back again.
This place is eehhhh.
 The price we paid was definitely not worth it.
 2 entrees and a coffee and orange juice cost us about $40! The French toast was so soggy.
 My husband ordered the pork belly hash.
 It wasn't even pork belly more like small tiny pieces of bacon and there's no hash! It was just home style potatoes.
 Not worth it.
 Go over by lake Merritt for way better brunch places.
come to Portal's Queer Beer Wednesday every week! The sliders on the happy hour menu are my favorite.
UPDATE: I have been coming to every QBW for over a year! The fried chicken sliders are a welcome addition to the before 5:00 "happy (hour) meal" menu, and I'm not sorry to see the cheese sauce go from the fries either.
 Portal's rotating menu of craft beers has taught me a lot about beer and about my taste too.
 Ask for Melvin.
 He's the best!.
This place is pretty neat.
 I came in for lunch on a beautiful afternoon and sat on the outdoor patio overlooking the lake.
There was a large party of 12 requiring the attn of most of the wait staff (3 servers).
 Service was very slow from start to finish.
 Not a place for a quick bite or lunch if you're on the clock.
The food was very good.
 Quality ingredients and large portions.
 I went with the Garlic bread meatball sandwich.
 The mini burgers and chilaquiles looked good and I hope to come back for those.
Overall a good spot, but service was shoddy -- no refills or checkups.
Came here for dinner with a few friends.
  We shared the vegetarian garbage bread, which was quite delish.
  The garbage bread was very hearty, and it definitely did not need meat.
  Definitely recommend.
  For myself, I ordered 2 mini burgers in fried chicken and turkey, both were quite filling and tasty, though not as exciting as our garbage bread.
Overall the atmosphere was a nice small pub, great for a couple of friends.
  The outside area is also very cute, definitely want to return for brunch with mimosas!  Will update my review upon return!.
I'm completely in love with this place.
 The food, the people, the beer, and seating!! Very close to the lake with outdoor seating (there's indoor seating as well).
 They have 3 tvs inside, and one shared bathroom (the only drawback).
I love the beer selection here, only problem I have is that there's a high turn over of the beer.
 As soon as you fall in love with one there's one to replace it.
 The food is great, try the cheese knots.
 They're basically like homemade mozzarella sticks and they will change your life on how you see mozzarella sticks.
 The wings are great as well.
 Not bad prices.
There's parking all around.
 When you sit outside you have views of the lake.
 Very nice decor both indoor and outdoor.
 Definitely worth a visit.
 They do have vegan and veg options!.
It is definitely worth the (honestly not bad) wait for a table on the patio.
 I was so relaxed with a beer and good food, staring out at the breezy lake.
 Thank God out of their decently-sized list of beers on tap, there was at least one sour.
 We just barely missed bottomless mimosas (I believe they're done at 1 pm?), damn.
We shared the pork belly salad and garbage bread.
 If it sounds like we were eating light, we absolutely were not.
 The garbage bread sneaks up on you, and all the fixings inside are going to make you groan after it settles in twenty or so minutes.
 Delicious in the moment, though.
 The pork belly salad was average, and a bit overdressed/salty.
Parking was fortunately easy to find all around, and seriously, thank God for the location.
 We had to walk it off for an hour around the lake.
Portal is like.
one of those places where you stumble across on accident.
 But at the end of the day you realize the encounter was supposed to happen.
 Some may even say "divine intervention" well at least for those into bar food with a light sophisticated twist.
 And those that like local beers, hoppy ales, and micro brews.
 And a nice view of Lake Merrit from the patio.
 So far Portal has a few things right.
 Allow me to tell you a little more.
 Here is my review of Portal.
4/21/16.
My constant Yelping seems to have rubbed on aome of my friends! I decided to stay and take in Oakland after going to my guard card class earlier on in the day.
 I had booked marked so many places in Oakland and didn't think I was going to get to visit any of them until my buddy contacted me after seeing me check in on "Facebook" in the "City of Oakland" he was like "Yo dude you in my hood, I been checking out some cool gastropubs on Yelp.
 Let's check out this place called Portal!" I was stoked because I one didn't know my homie "Yelped" and two because I didn't realize I had bookedmarked it already.
 So I was totally down.
 He swooped me up and we set off.
It was nice to see a few places I've bookedmarked in Oakland as we drove throughout downtown and the Lake Merrit area.
 But our minds were set, we wanted to step this "Portal" and have some good beer and bar fair.
 It was nice to see Lake Merrit as kinda the.
"Landmark" if you were trying to find this place and another east bay restarunt that's creating a buzz (rockin crawfish oakland) which is like.
across the street.
 But back to the reason for this review.
Portal!.
Service - 5/5.
Food - 5/5.
Beer 100/5 :D.
The Warriors played this day so this place went from like empty to packed house in like a 10 min span.
 Not to mention my NY Yankees were playing as well so.
I was indeed having a great day.
 My homie and I started with some 805's (beer) with bbq and hot wings for starters.
 Of you've had 805 before, its a pretty good light beer made here in cali, it really compliments light foods in my opinion.
 The wings were prefect! Fried just right, the sauces were just enough and not overbearing.
 Plus the prices were pretty good on the food and beer here as well (see my my pics for prices and menu shots!) oh.
and if you get a pitcher of the "Lost Abbey Cuvee de Tomme 11% abv" be prepared to take a "Uber or Lyft" home :D.
Will I go back?.
In a heartbeat!.
In conclusion, this place is perfect for hanging out, happy hour, dates, shenanigans and just chillaxing.
 And with the Patio, I'm sure the ambiance at night is just pretty ill with Lake Merrit as the backdrop.
 I say if you've bookedmarked this place before, I would say give it a go! You will like it here! Of not.
you just hard to please! :D As always yelp your own experience.
Oakland you have a winner! My first time at this place & I loved everything about this hipster spot.
We got there right at 10am when they opened.
 I can see where the wait can be a little long especially if you want to sit on the patio (which has a gorgeous view of Lake Merit).
Everyone at the table had a little bit of everything.
 The Migas, The Drunk Bread, Guacamole, French Toast.
 We loved all the food.
 I will definitely be back next time I am in town.
Oh yeah.
cannot forget the bottomless Mimosas!.
On the outskirts of Lake Merrit, you will find that this little pub/beer garden pleasantly awaits you.
 You really can't beat Portal's back patio.
 Especially because, the inside of Portal isn't huge - think a few tables and a bar.
 That back patio, tho.
 Communal seating - so, think beer garden steez.
 I've been a few times at wonky hours, think 3:30 looking for brunch and sadly, they stick to dining hours for food, although you can always order drinks and items like fries and such.
 Another huge pro about Portal is their beer list.
 Craft beer aficionnados, you will not be disappointed.
I've had their bloody mary and it's good, not the best, but real solid.
 As always, more accoutrements, please.
 And to my surprise, no vodka in this bad boy, soju only.
 Just an fyi if you happen to be a BM purist.
 They do offer some bottomless mimosa deals during weekend brunch hours, but you'll have to go inquire about prices.
Most recently for lunch, I was pleasantly surprised with how much I enjoyed my cobb salad and the surprise happy ending.
 No, not that one, ya scumbags.
 There's a delicious, almost pizza like dough that serves as the bottom layer of the salad.
 Score.
 A pretty hefty salad that isn't cheap at $14, but quite filling and freshly filled with juicy chicken, crisp bacon, eggs and so on; pretty much the most unhealthy salad on earth.
 Yep, that's me.
 Other items that piqued my fancy: the burger, the garbage bread, the meatball sub and those fries looked mighty fine.
Go.
 Drink beer.
 Enjoy that Oakland sunshine and eat!.
I've  not been in awhile they've been pretty busy which is awesome for them, so I went in today and it's just gotten soo casual in service to a point of rude.
The glass was dirty and the server was poignantly rude by rolling he's eyes slightly when asked for a new one ya know what, I left,I've had enough of Portals slight distain.
 I adored portal when they first set foot in the space wasabi once was but now sits a pissy example of they're former selves,polite cool,easy,clean selves.
Now it seems like any other place overblown semi ok food staff who seems put out by the customers of which I should add wasn't at capacity so I was surprised at the very lack of any service.
 I've actually wanted to say this last bit for a while about the food the last few times we'd gone in it just seemed lacking undercooked food mostly.
 I'm bummed I really did like this place.
We got to the restaurant 20 minutes before it opened for saturday brunch and there was already a huge line.
 I think a lot of the line is for those who want to sit outside on a beautiful sunny Oakland day.
 And even with the line, they'll offer to get your brunch drink started.
Service was amazing.
 I wish I remembered the name of the fella that served us but he was incredibly helpful, patient and attentive.
 Portions are HUGE so order accordingly.
We go the bottomless mimosa and their pours are SERIOUS.
 it's pretty much champagne with a tiny splash of OJ.
 Seth Rogan looking bartender: you are on point.
 My faves in terms of food:.
Garbage Bread- it's a pizza burito.
 get the meat one.
 get it.
 eat it.
 you're welcome.
Stuffed Challah French Toast- I thought i was done eating but my arm was still shoveling it in my face.
Tempeh Hash- we got it with poached eggs and goat cheese.
 perfect recommendation.
Definitely will be coming back to enjoy the rest of the menu and the ambience outside!.
The door is an actual porthole.
 Talk about puns!!.
I actually had a difficult time opening the door because it was so heavy lol and then I started questioning if that was even was the door in the first place.
 To my embarrassment, it was! You just need to pull a little harder then normal.
 I was visiting a friend and local native at Portal for a quick beer and a much needed catch up.
 We were seated right away and the place had a lot of character! They have a wide selection of beer and wine and a phenomenal happy hour.
The server was cheery and helpful--he recommended the steak which was cooked to perfection! It was so tender and the seasoning was nothing like I've ever had before.
 My mouth is watering just thinking about it! It's definitely a steak I will never forget.
 We had some veggies on the side which were asparagus and several different types of squash that were in season--a perfect pairing with the steak.
 The meal was very filling and we ended up sitting there talking for hours.
It started getting busy around 8pm and people were rolling in for drinks.
 This is a fantastic place if you live nearby and want to grab drinks after work.
 I'm so jealous that there isn't one near me in Sacramento! Their employees are friendly and made spot-on recommendations about the food and drinks.
Alright Portal, you surprised me last night.
 I've eaten there seeeeeeveral times and was meh about the food.
 But last night, my ravioli was #onpoint though.
 Dude ate the meatball sammy which came with a heaaaaalthy portion of greens.
 Thanks for keeping it healthy.
 You always have an excellent selection of beers.
 While neither of us had any of the Brewery doing the tap takeover, I love that you were a supporter of beer week.
The three stars because in all of my other experiences there, the food was okay.
 So perhaps the dinner entrees are just better than the brunch? I'll have to go again before I can leave a higher rating for that.
 Also, it closes at 11 and there's not a full bar.
 I understand but hey.
sometimes I just need a shot of vodka.
 ;).
But it's a cute spot to go and have a few brews with the homies yo.
 With a large patio and hopefully running heat lamps on cold days, it's a nice spot to go near the lake or after Rockin Crawfish.
I learned a very important lesson during my visit to Portal Restaurant: never visit an establishment that has multiple signs posted on the front of the building advertising the need and higher for chefs.
 After a twenty minute wait to be seated on an early Saturday night, we were guided to four seats at a community table.
 I think the draw of Portal or many is the large outdoor patio with views of Lake Merritt, is truly is picturesque.
 The adult beverage list is fairly average for the area (although they claim to be a "beer garden" their selection and simply lack of beer menus makes me question this claim), their dinner menu is set with several appetizer and entree items but is not extensive.
We ordered sharing plates for four people which included:.
*ricotta bites: as delicious as they sound, fried on the outside, cheesy on the inside.
 Portion came with four bites and a marinara sauce (sauce to bites ratio was off, request more sauce if you ever see your waitress!).
*cesar salad: OK, covered with parmesan cheese and house-made croutons, large portion but lacked flavor and dressing to lettuce ratio was off.
*brussels sprouts: Good, but damn, I feel like a good home-chef should be able to whip up some taste brussels, and these aren't any better than what I can make a home.
*garbage bread: Best part of the meal, hands down! Tasty, flavorful, crispy and chewy: this is their signature dish.
 It's served with a the same marinara sauce sauce as the ricotta bites and a overly powerful pesto sauce that I'd recommend skipping.
 Try to get extra marinara sauce when the food is dropped off.
*chicken wings: This was the most disappointing part of the evening.
 We received our chicken wings (granted, our dishes were coming out in stages, so they weren't rushing to prepare everything at the same time) and the chicken was RAW.
 We pointed it out to our waitress, she said "yes, that's raw!" and returned it to the kitchen.
 Not acknowledgment more from her, no visit from the chef or manager, simply embarrassing and a terrible way to conduct business.
 The only acknowledgement from our waitress (who practically abandoned our table!) was if we'd like to order something else instead.
 The chicken wings weren't included on the check but our replacement item was.
*garlic fries: (replacement for chicken) very lackluster, they're the a-typical garlic fry of every restaurant out there.
I believe that Portal has been nights, but I'd stay far away until they have consistency in the kitchen.
 If you see that they're hiring chefs, RUN!.
Coming for a weekend brunch? Expect a wait - everyone wants to eat here! We came here on a rainy day and even then, there was a long line of people waiting for some brunch food.
PARKING: Street parking - plenty! We were able to find street parking no problem.
SEATING: Indoor & outdoor seating available (but when it's raining, only indoor seating available).
 Not very many tables inside which is probably why there's a long line.
BAR: There's a bar also! You can grab a drink while you're waiting for your table.
 Weekend brunch calls for AYCD mimosas from opening til 1pm!.
FOOD: Soooo many great options! I had the Portal Benedict (you can add ham, bacon, or avocado for an extra $3).
 You won't go wrong with any of the choices on the menu! Other highlights are the Corned Beef Hash.
 We're in to try the Garbage Bread next time - we didn't want any leftovers this time.
A-okay Portal! We'll be back :) Maybe on a sunny day so we can enjoy some brunch and a stroll around Lake Merritt.
Portal is a gem in Oakland! It's located right next to Lake Merritt and from the outside seating, you can get a pretty nice view of the lake.
 Came here during an off hour between lunch and dinner! The waiter was super nice and accommodating, letting us pick wherever we wanted to sit outside.
We started off by ordering two beers.
 They have a pretty good variety of standard mixes and other interesting flavors.
 The waiter helped make recommendations depending on our tastes of dark, light, and so on.
We ordered the meat garbage bread (Yelp told me to, so I had to!!) and the garlic bread meatball sub.
 The meatballs were recommended but I love garlic bread so I figured why not mix the two of those together! The garlic bread meatball sub also came with a side salad.
 Those two orders were more than enough for the two of us and we actually had some leftover.
I definitely recommend the garbage bread.
 Don't let the name fool you.
it's definitely not garbage! The garbage bread was a treasure.
 I loved the cheese melted on top and the inside was stuffed with delicious goodies.
 The meatball garlic sub was good but not incredibly impressive.
 Maybe it's because I'm not too big of a fan of meatballs to begin with.
 It was definitely good but just wasn't as mind blowing as the garbage bread.
I plan on coming back to Portal for brunch sometime so I heard there's a great unlimited mimosa option and they have an amazing menu for breakfast! This is a great place to grab a quick bite to eat before a baseball game (which we did)!.
I can't think of one bad time here at Portal.
 It's always a good time! From brunch to dinner, all times of the day are great at this place.
 Love brunch on the patio because of all the natural sunlight that fills the backyard and love dinner on the patio too because they crank up the jams and it's beautifully lit with string lights to set the ambiance.
Recs: Lunch- herbed garlic fries are incredible (what's in that frying oil?!), Turkey Mini Burger is my fave out all their sliders.
Brunch- must try their polenta!.
Dinner- Turkey Meatballs, no need to add pasta if you're looking for a carb-less entree, so hearty and deliciously tender.
 Fried Brussel Sprouts, the smell is intoxicating.
I missed out on the bottomless mimosa but glad I ordered Mr.
 Pickles! Portal pickle their own garnishes and boy did they all go well with the spicy drink!.
We came around 11 on a Saturday and wait was about 20 minutes.
 This was right before the brunch rush and one of the Warriors playoffs! Would have love to enjoy their outside patio which was spacious but pretty exposed to the sun.
 So we sat at the bar with our awesome female bartender/server, enjoyed our food and watched the Warriors kicked the Rockets booties till they were red!.
Ordered:.
1.
 House coffee - strong and good.
2.
 Mr.
 Pickles - obsessed with it.
3.
 Portal Benedict - never had it on grilled polenta before so it was a unique taste.
 Good but very filling.
4.
 BF and I were so full but decided to be pigs and stuffed ourselves more with the Stuffed Challah French toast.
 Also good but there was something else other then the ricotta filling in between those bread.
 Not sure if it was banana or plantain.
which I'm not a big fan of.
Other then that, for a bar that serves food.
Portal got my vote as a go-to spot for brunch or just a drink on their patio!.
Everything about this place is Meh.
The food, service, ambiance.
 It's all meh.
 I'm sure hipsters love this place.
Had my birthday dinner here on a Friday night.
 We were greeted and sat quickly.
We tried the Sonoma bourbon cider ($6) prairie bomb beer ($12) for drinks.
 The cider came in a bottle along with a glass.
 It was okay, not as good as I had hopped.
 The prairie bomb was a dark beer.
 I normally hate dark beer due to the bitterness.
 This one was great.
 We took down the name so we can find it later.
For dinner we ordered the meat garbage bread ($15) 2- sliders ($13) and BBQ frites ($8) When the food came I noticed the sliders weren't the ones we ordered.
 Our server didn't come by for some time so we ate the garbage bread which was fabulous and the fries were great with the dipping sauces.
 When I told our server about the slider error I asked to just have it removed from the bill since we were too stuffed to eat anymore.
The server came back with our bill and said the manager gave a little discount ($3.
90) due to the mix up.
 That was a nice gesture.
The atmosphere has dim lighting, nice outdoor area and bar.
 Hipster kind of place,.
No hard alcohol available.
 Cocktails are made with suju.
 Beer and wine available.
Here's the deal: I hate waiting in long lines.
 In my experience, to avoid that and still eat breakfast here, you basically have to get here and wait for them to open.
 For me, that means getting my butt out of bed and being outside before 8am on a Saturday.
BUT, here is what I will say.
- I'm that overly discerning jerk who cares about how my eggs are poached when I go to breakfast or brunch and they do them perfectly here.
- the coffee is delish and plentiful (Highwire, I believe).
- the potatoes are a mix of shredded hash and chunkier potato bits, nice and crispy (if it's not obvious from that description.
 they're great).
- their biscuits are great, sweet or savory.
4 stars instead of 5 because I've had a couple misses here.
 I think it was when they had first opened up.
 In any case, I think most folks will find something they'll like on the menu.
've had pretty much everything on their menu, and every item is so great and delicious.
 Um, delicious coffee (Highwire), delish micheladas, delish food and pastries.
 Obviously it sucks to wait in line, but whatever- this is the Bay Area.
 Get used to it.
 I like to get there early and beat the later crowd.
And please send whoever designed the space my way--beautiful!!!.
Weekday late brunch: Nailed it.
This spot is a total gem, nestled in the Laurel District serving up some really upscale, but down home eats.
 Mostly breakfast, but don't fret, they do have some lunch options as well.
 All their breads and pastries are made in house, they serve organic eggs and all meats are antibiotic and hormone free.
 My health does matter, thank you very much!.
My goat cheese omelet ($13) was what dreams are made of: a fluffy omelet oozing with goat cheese, snap peas, asparagus, garlic and spring onions.
 I inhaled it.
 In addition to this perfect egg dish, were some crispy potatoes, salad and perfectly toasted homemade bread with house made jam.
 DAYUUUUMMMMM.
 Writing this review is taking back to pure eating bliss.
Coffee was solid and prices are fair for portion sizes and service was lovely.
 Granted, it wasn't busy at all, but this spot is a neighborhood joint and service is to match.
 I can imagine some frustration during those weekend hours, but well worth the wait; I loved everything about Sequoia Diner.
Items I will be returning for: strawberry cream cheese danish, the beef hash and that cubano sandwich.
 Sign me up.
A new and not-so-much longer hidden gem in Oakland's Laurel District that is the perfect place for a weekend brunch on one of those sunny days that Oakland is famous for! I am a real fan of this great neighborhood diner where everything is homemade from their pastries to their jams in addition to their classic dishes for brunch.
 And Sequoia Diner lives up the hype that's been expressed from so many reviews and images posted from my fellow Yelpers!.
I actually found out about Sequoia Diner due to the fact it seemed like it was on Yelp's "New Businesses in East Bay" for an eternity! It actually opened about a year ago, replacing the long-standing Full House Cafe, by a local husband and wife duo who wanted to stay loyal to the neighborhood with their seasonal brunch classics served all morning until mid-afternoon.
 There is so much buzz for Sequoia Diner that wait times can be quite long for brunch and parking on MacArthur Avenue and the surrounding area can be quite dicey.
 So plan ahead it you don't mind waiting.
 Luckily, I had friends who were eager enough to get there early and put our names down and patient enough for me to get there just a wee bit late.
Once we were sat in their patent leather booths, we each knew what we wanted.
 (I had been doing enough research from my fellow Yelper's images and reviews to know what to order and what to pass up.
) We knew we all had to get the highly-recommended Pecan Sticky Buns and at $3.
75 each it's a good deal, so much so, the three of us ordered two buns to share.
 I found them not too sweet or sticky with the perfect amount of cinnamon, sugar and topped with an abundance of chopped pecans.
 It's a perfect accompaniment to your coffee.
As for my main dish, I knew that some Sequoia Diner plates were heavier than others, but I also wanted to taste some of the best and unique dishes that they have to offer to get a read on how they prepare their meals here.
 So I went with the Country Breakfast with its biscuit and gravy, collared greens, hash browns and two eggs made to order.
 Although obviously heavy, my dish was solid, I especially loved the creamy gravy, warm biscuit, and hash browns.
 You could tell with the first bite how much homemade goodness was put into your meal.
 Despite being constantly busy, the service for the most part was attentive and there was constant turnover of the tables and counter-tops, made the flow of service that much more pleasant.
Sequoia Diner is your classic mom-and-pop owned and operated American breakfast joint with modern day sustainable and locavore sensibilities.
 Their eclectic menu makes me want to come back for more, everything sounds so familiar yet so unique that it seems like you can't go wrong.
 I can't wait to return one day to see how Sequoia Diner continues to build upon their success in a loyal and foodie loving neighborhood.
I never loved brunch much, always made me feel comatose and heavy afterwards.
  SD has the sweetspot between comfort and fresh.
If you're ordering to-go, it's a good idea to call ahead, it took upwards of 30 minutes to get my order, there isn't much seating for those waiting, I ordered a coffee to hold me over while waiting, comes in super cute beige/brown cups, reminds me of the 70s and 80s.
  Such a pleasant throwback to a simpler time.
LOVED the Red Flannel Hash.
  Perfectly poached eggs, kraut to cut the richness, cubes of al dente beets and potatoes.
  They don't take substitutions.
  I wanted to swap out one of the eggs for some chard, but had to order it separately.
  Sour cream was mysteriously left off - perfect, I was going to omit it anyways.
Homemade sourdough toast were a nice counterpart to the meal.
  Comes pre-buttered.
If you're there after 11AM, there are additional items you can order, got an asparagus, pea, arugula salad.
  Sounds simple but the details were there: toasted almonds, slices of orange/blood orange, kumquats and pickled green beans.
  Wonderful.
Will be my mid-day treat going forward.
  Everything seasoned well.
  Carefully and expertly prepared.
  So nice to have this quality of food available.
  4 items: $35 including tax/tip.
I love brunch but I don't always love brunch food.
  So, it is no surprise that my hunt for the perfect local brunch spot has extended well into my second year in Oakland.
  I'm pleased to report the search is over.
  Sequoia elevates humble breakfast staples -- not with a bunch of unnecessary frippery -- but by paying exquisite attention to the details.
  Baked items are made in house including the incredible fresh biscuits.
  The menu rotates with interesting seasonal specials.
  On one visit, the loco moco had an incredibly rich shortrib gravy.
  On the next, appetizers included chicken liver toasts with chicken cracklings and fig jam.
  Good, simple food, presumably inspired by the personal tastes and whims of the chef (as well as the season) and made with heart and smarts.
I don't understand the long wait for this restaurant.
 The food is good, but not especially amazing.
 I'd say it is pretty normal American food.
 Perhaps my wife and I missed out by not getting any of their baked goods.
When I saw Hazel's pictures from Sequoia Diner less than a month ago, I knew I needed to get myself over here soon.
  Apparently I was not quick enough as word is out and an hour long wait seemed to be the constant on a Sunday morning.
Upon arrival, since no one was up front, I grabbed a pen and was about to put my name down on the list but a few seconds later discovered that they have a hostess taking names and got my 1 hour wait estimate.
  They do allow you to buy a coffee to enjoy outside while you wait so this non coffee drinker did the next best thing and ordered a sticky bun to go making the wait more bearable.
  It was love at first bite as it was not overly sweet and enough pecans with each bite.
We were seated within 45 minutes allowing me to digest that sticky bun freeing up stomach space to fully enjoy their breakfast plates.
  I already had my eye on the beef hash with poached eggs which was just a plate of beautiful flavors.
 Slight saltiness of the beef hash paired with the tartness from the pickled cabbage topped with the creaminess of the poached eggs and the final punch of the arugula will have you scraping up every morsel.
  Since hubby didn't realize that the Red Flannel Hash did not already come with meat (bacon can be added for a charge), he did end up polishing off at least 1/3 of my beef hash and slice of my bread to be satisfied (good thing I was pre-fortified with that sticky bun).
  I had a bite of his Red Flannel Hash which had great flavors as well for a vegetarian option but I do prefer the Beef Hash one.
I thought the Coconut Thai Ice Tea was good and smooth with the coconut milk but like Hazel, felt like the tea flavor was way too light.
  I rather use that $4 for another sticky bun!!.
What a dream on MacArthur.
 Their hours are limited (sad face!) but if you can make it out here for brunch, YOU MUST!!!! Yep, this place is multiple exclamation point good.
 My second visit was this morning at 8 am on the dot (mind you, daylight savings time just happened so it's really like 7 am and it was raining) and there were a few hungry peeps waiting outside to come in.
It is absolutely worth starting every meal here with a pecan sticky bun.
 Warm and fluffy, and most importantly, totally shareable.
 I'm telling you, you cannot be mad about anything in life after eating one of these.
 It's like napping in a field with a hundred lambs.
 And the coffee? Fill 'er up! They frequently make rounds to top you off of the dark, delicious brew.
I haven't strayed from the Country Breakfast.
 I just can't! Eggs any style, biscuit with gravy, hashbrowns, collard greens.
 I could not design a better breakfast.
 I am a serious biscuit snob (they're so simple and yet people somehow ruin the simplicity of it) and I can say, Sequoia rocks the biscuit.
 It's like the Pat Benatar of biscuits.
 Eventually I will try their huevos rancheros.
The diner is bright, inviting, and has that Northern Oakland vibe.
 They were smart about the design of the tables, where you can easily transition seating from 2 to larger groups.
 However, this place is definitely not huge, so I have no idea how long it would take to accommodate a larger party during prime time.
 Meanwhile, it's a perfect location for my 1:1 time with my besties.
Skip Montclair's subpar spots, and give Sequoia Diner a shot.
I'd had this bookmarked for a while, but ventured into the Laurel District in East Oakland for the first time this morning.
 I was surprised to see that none of my trusted East Bay Yelpers had reviewed this place but was excited to give it a whirl.
We arrived around 8:30 and found the place mostly full, but were able to grab the last available booth with no wait.
 It has that diner charm, with a long bar counter and several booths along the wall.
 This isn't the place to bring a large group, but it is perfectly cozy for 2 or 4.
 There are several adorable waitresses that were super friendly, greeting you on the way in and out, and keeping the coffee coming.
 I loved the positive vibe.
I like that they keep the menu relatively simple, with several classics, and a few twists.
 No kids menu here, per se, but my boys were happy with their pastries.
a pecan roll and the strawberry cream cheese danish.
 They stood on their own as a small breakfast, but would be equally nice as a shared starter while you wait on the main event.
I was thrilled with the mushroom and spinach scramble which, like their other egg dishes, come with some perfectly cooked and seasoned potatoes, some excellent sourdough toast, and a small rocket salad.
 Seemingly simple, but it leaves you wondering why you can't do 'em that perfect at home.
The Highwire brewed coffee wasn't my favorite, but it did the trick and my cup was never empty or cold.
All in all, a real winner that will get added to the Sunday rotation!.
I was sold when I saw that they have Pecan Sticky Buns!  I love sticky buns and for some reason, it's really hard to find it in the Bay Area.
  I used to get them at Berkeley Bowl, but they don't have it anymore.
  I'm also very particular about my sticky buns.
  Often the dough is not soft enough, it is too sweet or there is too much cinnamon.
  Sequoia Diner's Pecan Sticky Bun is perfect in all respects and the price is right too.
  $3.
75 for one is quite reasonable.
  It's a nice size, so two people can easily share one.
 We ended up ordering one with our breakfast, and I took their last one to go.
  It'll go great with my coffee tomorrow morning!.
We did have other breakfast items as well.
  My husband ordered the Beef Hash dish which came with a couple of perfectly poached eggs, pickled beets, arugula salad and carrots.
  His plate was very colorful, and most importantly, the beef hash was delicious.
  He loved it and he was nice enough to let me taste it.
I had the Biscuits and Gravy with a side of sausage.
 As I already had half of a sticky bun, I thought I'd just order a couple of sides and skip a big entree.
  The biscuit was quite large and it was flaky, tender and buttery.
  It came with a nice amount of gravy.
  The gravy was a little under seasoned, so I had to add some salt and pepper on top.
  The sausages were perfect with the Biscuit and Gravy.
  You can tell that the sausages were house made and thankfully they weren't salty.
As for beverages, I ordered Coconut Thai Iced Tea and the hubby had the Decaf Highwire.
  We brew Highwire Coffee at home, so we were happy to see that on their menu.
  I was really glad they use coconut milk for their Thai Iced Tea.
  It was really good, though I'd like to have a stronger tea flavor.
There was a wait when we got there around 10:45.
  We waited for about half hour.
 They pretty much have a constant stream of diners, so expect to wait if you go here on weekends.
  Service is very friendly and I really appreciate that everything is made in house.
  We will definitely go back!.
If you're in the neighborhood and the wait isn't crazy, check it out.
We knew there wasn't a full espresso menu so put our names in and got lattes across the street at World Ground.
 It made the wait of about 35 minutes enjoyable.
As others have said, there's another significant wait to get your order and it's loud inside but neither were a problem for us.
 It was nice not to be rushed and I enjoyed watching the openness of the kitchen prep area.
The blood orange juice was delightfully tart.
 I'm usually partial to big fluffy waffles but I was really digging the thin crispness of theirs.
 The potatoes were smashed-style and solid.
 The huevos rancheros with chorizo were overpowered by the bold flavor of the sauce but I do appreciate how they make everything in-house, including the meat.
I really enjoyed coming here for their brunch.
 Thank goodness I came with friends so that I can taste their dish as well!.
One thing I did not like was that we had to wait for an hour to get a table.
 But then again, what do you expect for Sunday brunch right?!?.
I order their coconut Thai iced tea and I thought it was just the right amount of sweetness.
 I believe my friend was indifferent about the drink though.
 My hubby got the matcha almond iced latte and I thought it was OK but he liked it.
 He did get less honey in the drink so if he got it the normal way, I probably would have liked it more.
I ordered their Country Breakfast and that was good, not great.
 It came with a biscuit and sausage gravy, two eggs, greens, and potatoes.
 The highlight for this entree was the biscuit since it was so freakin' moist, soft, buttery! I tried my friend's beef hash and I so liked his dish more than mine.
I'd definitely come back here for their pastries, beef hash, and biscuits!.
Sequoia, the new home of the now long-gone and super mediocre Full House, is a little gem of a hipster haven worth pushing past the throngs of screaming toddlers and hoards of impatient soon-to-be patrons for.
 It's pretty good.
 Serving up the usual diner fare with their own flare and fancy (and a bit of a price hike, juheard?), Sequoia aims to please by grabbing you in with something you're familiar with and getting a good grip on you with their unique flavors.
 I usually storm the joint on a Sunday or Saturday morning with m'ladies, but today's dolo trip offered a more reflective experience and prompted me to step outside of my usual "two eggs and toast with avo on the side" comfort zone.
I was surprised to find when I walked up around 10 A.
M.
 on a Wednesday that the diner already had a significant crowd outside.
 They didn't have pitchforks just yet but they looked like they were hungry enough to turn into an angry mob.
 Luckily, I signed in with the lovely hostess and was at a counter seat within ten minutes.
 Once seated, I ordered a mimosa and decided today was the day I'd get jiggy with that Red Flannel Hash I had heard so much about and constantly peered over people's heads to get a better look at.
 I also decided to forego the sliced sourdough in favor of a biscuit so I could finally weigh in on those, as I've heard they're pretty good here.
My mimosa was sad and unimpressive, mostly because the orange juice seemed suspect.
 But the Red Flannel Hash and the biscuit both surpassed my expectations! The Red Flannel Hash is one of those textural and flavor landscapes I live for: warm, crunchy, soft and runny meets savory, sweet, tart and buttery.
 The pickled cabbage that comes with the hash is equal parts culinary genius and just damned good pairing for a poached egg and hash combo.
 I didn't really get into the sour cream glob on the side but I'm not a sour cream girl.
The biscuit is just as buttery and flaky and scrumptious as you've heard.
 But the nuances of seasonality scalded me: I got stuck with cranberry preserves, which were pretty gross.
 Still, the biscuit remained sweet and resilient in the face of something so bitter, as we all should.
 Life lessons, brought to you by Sequoia Diner.
A great new spot for the best breakfast in town!  You gotta be patient though, as there is always a wait.
  Just put your name on the list and have a cuppa.
Farm fresh greens and in house biscuits can't be beat!  I have tried the country breakfast and the Benedict - both excellent!  The potatoes are amazing and crispy _ you won't be disappointed!.
If you have time for a leisurely wait and want your coffee cup "warmed up" as you hang out with the Laurel District gentrifiers, this is your spot.
At prime time there's quite a wait and the parking shituation  is very competitive on MacArthur.
 The coffee? So-so.
 Are you hungry? The kitchen isn't as speedy as it should be, but "have some more coffee.
".
Been here a few times and this premium-priced trendy breakfast spot serves up great food but is a bit over-hyped.
 The original vision is pretty good.
 Hopefully, they can get more efficient to make the wait and price with the visit.
 Still, it's a four star cafe.
11/20/15.
 Breakfast.
This feels like Valencia Street in San Francisco.
 A diner serves modern twists of traditional breakfast.
 The well-lit space has a dining encounter, booths and tables.
 The tables are also reminiscent of the city--they are packed pretty tight.
 Service is quick and friendly.
*Golden Waffle ($7.
50) is thin eggo-like topped with candied apples.
 It's the kind of waffle we prefer, not the thick Belgian kind.
*Spinach and Mushroom Scramble ($12) is the only scramble on the menu so here it is.
 It's perfectly done with runny scrambled egg woven evenly with spinach and fresh mushrooms.
 I'm not a cheese person usually but the Swiss is not overpowering and adds flavor to the egg.
 Served with arugula salad, fried potato and a thick buttered toast.
 Hearty and tasty.
Coffee is constantly refilled.
 It's from Hot Wire.
 They also gave fresh-squeezed orange juice.
 The homemade goods for the day are cranberry scone ($3) and pecan sticky bun ($3.
50) both of which are tempting.
Berkeley appears to be bleeding into Oakland, as this locally owned and sourced cafe felt like a place you would expect to find about twenty minutes north of this location.
 I've never been to Laurel before, but it's one of those transitional, culturally diverse neighborhoods where you could have a cup of artisan coffee one minute but you feel a need to keep staring at your car while it's parked on the street.
 It's a Temescal-in-waiting, and if it does become the East Bay's next gourmet ghetto, you can thank the husband-and-wife team of Andrew Vennari and Sequoia Broderson who opened this comfy-cozy spot which drew quite a few for breakfast on Saturday morning (photo: bit.
ly/1L2zRnZ).
As usual in Oakland, I was done with my haircut and found myself here in a peckish state.
 Although it was only about a ten-minute wait for me, I was surprised by the constant stream of people looking to dine here since it's fairly nondescript from the outside.
 However, I could tell why the attraction by the eclectic selection of breakfasts on the menu including a $13 Huevos Rancheros and the same-priced Shakshuka, an Israeli-originated melange of squash, peppers, garbanzo beans, lebni (kefir cheese) and poached eggs.
 That all sounded appetizing, but I adhered to the Patriot Act and ordered the all-American-sounding Beef Hash (also $13), certainly not a Hormel Mary Kitchen canned creation by any stretch.
It consisted of shredded slow-braised beef chuck mashed up and fried on the griddle with potatoes.
 You could barely see it on the plate because it was covered by big shavings of raw carrots, arugula and a pair of poached eggs with homemade rye toast on the side (photo: bit.
ly/1WEvNpS).
 It looked almost downright healthy but not really, just tasty in a Berkeley commune kind of way with a bit of a kick from a dusting of horseradish.
 As much as I like this dish - and I did - I have to admit it was overshadowed by the sheer flakiness of the freshly baked $3.
25 Strawberry Scone (photo: bit.
ly/1NieroA).
 Worth every penny and perfectly complemented by the slightly overpriced $2.
75 cup of Highwire Coffee (photo: bit.
ly/1Nz1w6h).
 Now where is Laurel again?.
FOOD - 4 stars.
bold, fresh flavors for such dinerish fare with a standout scone.
AMBIANCE - 3.
5 stars.
nice, all-white interior (I mean the walls, not the people.
sort of) in a neighborhood still looking for its identity.
SERVICE - 4 stars.
very friendly and attentive server.
TOTAL - 4 stars.
coming back for the Shakshuka.
but seriously, where's Laurel again?.
Everything we have ordered came out delicious! The sticky buns were made so you can dream about them when you are hungry ! it s packed up weekends but the best time is during the week.
 I am soon happy this dinner is in the Laurel district a few blocks from my house.
Good job!.
When my old roommate from college decided she wanted eggs for breakfast, Montclair Egg Shop seemed like a very logical answer to her hunger.
 There ended up being a 40 minute wait when we showed up at 12 pm on a Saturday, but that led us to exploring the area for the first time (spoiler: there isn't much to do, but there IS a really good bookstore in the area).
THE BASICS.
+ It's a very old-fashioned sort of place, like a dusty diner, but in the best possible way.
+ At least 50% of the menu (if not more) focuses on eggs (logically so) - meaning you should really order something with eggs.
+ Service is pretty fast considering how slammed they get for brunch.
+ Their egg creations are quite good (egg shop ham & cheese potato pancakes ftw).
It's kind of amazing that this place has been around and in business for 42 years - definitely a solid place!.
thought my friend meant "eggslut" when he suggested this place, but either way it's fantastic.
 Our server was Antonio and he's just the sweetest thing; genuinely cared about our time there.
It took me a while to order because I couldn't decide between the french toast or the crêpes, but I thoroughly enjoyed my french toast.
 The ambiance is quaint and mellow, much like the rest of the street outside.
All in all: service was great, brunch was lovely, and despite their lack of variety in coffee, I definitely recommend this place.
Ah the egg shop.
 This place seems like an iconic part of Montclair.
The service is good.
 We came here after my best friend had a minor surgery, and were immediately greeted warmly and seated.
 The hostess took our drink orders, and when we hadn't received them by the time our waiter showed up, he immediately ran to do it himself.
 Very cool.
 To the hostesses' credit, it was super busy, and she apologized.
The food is.
okay.
 I opted for chilequiles and was a bit disappointed.
 For one, the eggs were over soft- no choice as to how to cook them, and the salsa was bland.
 The quest fresco was rubbery.
 I went from excited to "I can barely eat this" pretty quickly.
My best friend got a large waffle with whipped cream.
 She said it was pretty damned good.
 Portion sizes are relatively large.
Basic breakfast.
 Nothing fancy.
 I don't think I'd spend the money to come back.
Very nice people working here though.
 The service is good.
Ohmygoodness!.
This place is beyond cute.
 It's located in their cute little downtown.
Has a "small-town" vibe to it.
Walking in - the décor reminded me of Leavenworth in WA - Bavarian.
 SUPER CUTE!.
You sign-in at the notepad they have at the podium & have a seat.
There isn't necessarily a hostess - someone behind the counter, cooking was the one that told me to put my name down.
We were seated immediately - there was no one in front of us - so that could be lucky for us.
There is ample seating & the restaurant looks a lot smaller than it really is.
They took our drink orders quickly but took a little longer to take our food orders.
The food did come quickly though - a PLUS in case you're super hungry.
I ordered one of their specials - Garden Omelet which had asparagus, zucchini, spinach, & a bunch of other stuff.
I honestly took a couple bites & knew that it wasn't my cup o' tea.
My whole omelet tasted like asparagus.
 Sure, it wouldn't bother me so much but it was just really bland -_-.
No flavor whatsoever.
Oh! I substituted the potato fries for fruit - as usual it cost extra.
Oh, my friend ordered bacon on the side & they charged her 4 dollars.
 Just FYI.
All in all - I wasn't really impressed.
 Sad to say, I took the omelet home but pretty much threw it away & made my own omelet.
One of thine partner in crimes and I had a hankering for a tasty brunch experience and a tall glass'a mimosa to start our New Year off right.
 I'm not ashamed to admit that I called several other eateries first to see how long the wait time was (and whether they served alcohol) before we ended up here.
 The wait was about 35 minutes, giving us plenty of time to determine what we would be eating before we were seated.
I chose two eggs scrambled with jack cheese, home fries, an english muffin and a side of avocado.
 My accomplice dined on the Egg Shop's signature Ham, Cheese & Potato Pancake, which comes with scrambled eggs.
 With the exception of my "Home Fried Potatoes", the meal was pretty good.
 The potatoes were greasy, undercooked and inedible so I didn't touch them.
 My friend said that her potato pancake was good and didn't suffer from the grease problem that my home freezies did.
 The jealousy was flagrant but I was still happy for her.
 Plus I was too focused on the delicious pomegranate mimosa in front of me.
Our server was Adolfo and he was totally attentive, super sweet and didn't make us feel rushed or act irritated even though by the time we were seated the place was pretty much closed.
 And who wouldn't want to get the hell out of their job on New Year's Day? Thanks again!.
I had the Belgium waffle topped with strawberries, bananas and whipped cream with a side of eggs and bacon.
 Everything was delicious, but I had to knock a star off because their coffee was not my favorite.
 It was bitter and just seemed old.
 It didn't taste like a freshly brewed cup of coffee and that dented my eating experience a bit.
 I'd like to bring my own in the future without being judged.
The price was great, the ambiance was really cute.
 There's writing on the ceiling and behind the kitchen.
 Really neat place.
Like any good brunch spot, there was a wait and for some reason my cell service was not the best here so talk amongst yourselves.
 hahaha And don't give up on checking in!!.
The service here is always wonderful.
 All the servers and hosts are super friendly with their guests and each other.
I always order something different but I love their "make your own" omelets.
 The coffee is good too.
 I think it'd be super cute if the upstairs were open for eating too because there's always a wait.
 But whatever, it's never more than a 15 minute wait.
 You know this place must be great if the neighboring restaurants are usually empty while people are waiting to eat here.
 Definitely a favorite!.
So I wanted to try a new place and this place had good reviews and the food pics looked great.
 The main thing I wanted to get was the pancakes, but by the time the server came to take our order they "ran out" of pancakes.
 How do you run out of pancakes? Can't you just make more batter?.
Going in it has a very rustic welcoming feel.
 The red brick walls and fireplace makes it more personable.
 Most tables are 2 seaters so because there were 4 of us we were seated in the back.
 It was nice and quiet.
I ordered the Egg Shop Ham&Cheese Potato Pancake and hubby got the corned beef hash.
 The potato pancake is basically hash browns with ham and cheese which I was looking forward to.
 Unfortunately I was informed it has cilantro which it doesn't state on the menu.
 It also didn't state it contains onions and green onions which I discovered after taking my first bite.
 That's about when my gag reflex kicked in.
 Me and onions don't like each other.
 I'd never have ordered it if it said those 2 items were in there.
 Ended up eating my daughter's French toast while she ate the hubby's side order of Belgian waffle.
 Yeah they can make waffles but not pancakes.
Hubby was not impressed by the corned beef hash.
 It was ok but was more potatoes and veggies than corned beef.
Their soft drinks were a cup of ice with a soda can so no "refills".
 At $1.
50-$2.
50 a can I opted for water.
A little pricey but ok for just me and hubby.
 Not a place we'd bring the kids because our kids eat more than their serving size.
 Lol.
All in all it was just ok.
 I might try it again if I'm in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it and I also wouldn't recommend it to anyone just yet.
 Maybe next time.
maybe.
Delicious french toast and Belgian waffles :).
 With fresh strawberries and whipped cream! Their orange juice tastes freshly squeezed and all of their servers were very nice!! The ambience was chill and kind of eccentric but I liked it! Clowns and trains, and old timey things.
 My only complaint! Was one particularly creepy waiter who worked there and hit on me and my sister and stared every time he walked by.
 Not what I'm looking for with my breakfast.
A little disappointed in this place.
 Came here on a Sunday at 10:30am.
 Limited street parking because there is a farmer's market.
 Also took 30 mins to get a table.
 Guess it's the only joint in town.
 Ordered the Benedict with crab cake and also the bloody mary with sake.
 My benedict was very disapponting.
 Eggs were overcooked.
 When I cut into them, the yolk was cooked.
 Also there was avocado skin in my meal that should have been thrown out and random peices of corn?? As for the bloody mary, there was nothing special tasting about it.
 Overall, had high hopes, but the meal was just ok.
Came here on a Sunday morning.
  It was packed and there was a long wait.
  Food and service were both good.
  I had the Eggs Benedict with country potatoes.
  Very good!  Nice spot, highly recommended.
Omg.
 Their jam though.
 Homemade.
Apricot jam.
 I wanted to steal the whole jar haha! I always get their scramble which is nicely done.
 The eggs are in the runnier side and that's the way I like my eggs! It was delicious.
I feel conflicted about giving this place only 3 stars.
 I have nothing but good memories at this neighborhood place (used to come here in high school).
 The service was wonderful but the food was pretty mediocre.
 My eggs benedict was soggy from the generous amount of hollandaise.
 Don't get me wrong, I love hollandaise with all my heart, but there is such a thing as too much.
 I could also tell that the crab cake had a ton of filler/binder.
 Kind of a nitpicky complaint, but my avocado slices were bruised (at least cut away the bruised parts).
 Bf really liked his potato pancakes though.
 Perfectly crisp and seasoned.
 Food here is like diner food but better, but only a little better.
 The plastic plates and dingy cups don't help.
We typically go here for breakfast meetings and it is never a disappointment.
  They have a variety of breakfast items to choose from, whether you have a hankering for a standard 2 eggs and bacon breakfast or maybe a sweeter dish like waffles, or more ethnic dish like breakfast tacos, they have it here!.
Yesterday I ordered the breakfast tacos which honestly is the best deal.
  For 8.
95, you get two tacos with greens, bacon, and eggs how you want it, covered with salsa and a side of half an avocado.
  As you can see from the picture, it's a huge dish!.
Great flavor and fast service.
  On the weekends though, there may be a wait.
 But, totally worth it!.
+/- THE FOOD.
I had really high expectations for this place seeing that it was so packed when I went.
 I ordered the chicken apple sausage scramble and a pomegranate mimosa and it was just alright.
 The scramble was rather bland and didn't have any attributes that stood out to me.
 The mimosa was definitely 80% champagne and 20% juice.
 I tasted no pomegranate whatosever.
 I also tried my friend's regular orange mimosa and same thing- too much champagne.
+ THE ENVIRONMENT.
The place is absolutely adorable.
 It's like you stepped into a little cottage from a storybook.
 The restaurant is neatly decorated with a bunch of gadgets and gizmos like toy trains and inspirational quotes on the wall.
 The place is pretty small but very clean.
We went to the Montclair Egg Shop this week for the first time.
 We were seated right away.
 I was hungry so I ordered the challah bread French toast and an omelette with bell peppers, mushrooms, spinach, and jack cheese.
The omelette was your standard size and was pretty tasty.
 The French toast was just okay.
 The bread was too flat/thin and it tasted just okay.
The prices were good and the service was good as well.
 We will return!.
Breakfast of Champions! You know it's that good if you saw Andre Iguodala enjoying his breakfast while you were here.
 Shared the potato pancake and salmon scramble, both were delicious and hearty.
NBA Finals MVP approved! #StrengthInNumbers #NBAChamps #Warriors.
Service is good.
Nice atmosphere.
Attractive interior.
If you are into America style breakfast no doubt it suits to your pallet.
Vs decent European breakfast places eg in the nicer parts of London, there is way more sugar and other high glycogen index ingredients.
 such ingredients are not too my taste, leave me feeling bloated and of course contributes to putting on weight.
scrambled eggs with salmon:-- like most America breakfast the egg was more like an omelet chopped up.
 The salmon is mixed in to the egg, which also makes it more difficult to cook to the best consistency.
old fashioned oaks:-- expecting big fat Scottish rolled oats which typically have lots of flavour, but found them to be more like typical modern rolled oats.
 I asked for no sugar but there was shed loads of both brown sugar and honey.
 It was sweeter than a pudding.
 The oats were also overlooked and had lost all there lost form.
they kindly took it back and brought me a version with no sugar or honey and the oats were less cooked.
Mocha:- pleasant but massive(full size tall  glass) too sweet, suspect they use the chocolate syrup as couldn't taste much cocoa.
All in all pretty consistent with other American breakfast places I've been to above average atmosphere.
 I'll be making my own breakfast until I discover a decent place.
Came here a second time for dinner instead of brunch this time.
DRINKS- Plaid on plaid drink was so good! Love those egg white drinks, and they do it well here.
FOOD- Tried their famous fried chicken, and it was soooo juicy!! I was surprised.
 Just wish there were more vegetables since they only gave 2 pieces of asparagus with 2 giant fried chicken.
ATMOSPHERE- modern, restaurant is small inside, so we sat outside which was quite nice.
 Lively neighborhood to grab dinner at.
OVERALL- Awesome restaurant!.
Sorry to be late in posting this.
life gets in the way, especially when one is remodeling [smile].
After a lovely 2014 Holiday Series dinner, the 2015 Holiday Series dinner, which essentially promised the same menu of various goose dishes, was a real letdown.
 Cost-cutting undermined  the once-lovely appetizer plate, which had a similar trio of dishes but was less generous,less interesting, and more green salad than anything else.
Entree dish was salty (confit; insufficiently rinsed) and greasy (potatoes).
 The breast meat was chewy even tho sliced thin, and a touch overseasoned with thyme.
 Grilled escarole was a nice bitter element but the plate was surprisingly dull-looking, especially compared to prior year's plate where bright Fuyu persimmons provided a lovely accent in both color and flavor.
Hopscotch's dessert menu is annoyingly banal.
 In an area filled with great pastry chefs, offering mud pie or donuts is disappointing.
 We tried the latter, which were dull and served with a too-sweet butterscotch cream.
 It has no depth, and since the donuts are just fried dough, a little something more interesting is needed than just additional sugar on top of grease and flour.
Overall: a big miss which left us sad.
 Itani's one of Oakland's premier groundbreaking chefs, but we're finding better food elsewhere these days.
Meat-heavy, drink-heavy.
 Despite diner decor, this is for people who know little about food.
 Mel's in SF makes this place look sick.
 Thunderously noisy, even though there's not many tables.
- Fish'n'chips.
 Travesty.
 Little pieces of heavily battered fish.
 Much vaunted duck fat chips are a waste of $2.
 There are many places where duck fat fries are worth the upcharge.
Hopscotch is not one of them.
 The three of us compared them head-to-head with the regular fries, and found very, very, very scant difference.
 Both regular and duck fat were slightly too greasy; we like our chips a bit crisper.
- Fried chicken was a fried disaster.
 The batter was the extra-crispy style, which Spouse dislikes, and was fried so hard and so long that even the dark meat was dried out.
 It also had the dessicated look of fried food that had been sitting around, although he said it was very hot all the way through.
 He did like the raw pickled cauliflower florets with it, however.
- Burger with tongue & the pork belly extra.
 Burger unsalted (big NO-NO) and didn't cover the bun.
 Slice of tongue was super-tiny and dried out.
 Pork belly griddled so it was just chewy thick bacon, much ado about nothing.
 The bun was good, but buttered before grilling, making it greasy.
 Adding mayo and aioli just made it even greasier.
 Ordered medium-rare, but came medium.
 No option for cheese, highly irritating because this puppy needed some salt (and I don't often say that, being on 20 yrs of low-salt diet!).
 Needed a whole lot more of those pickled onions to get any flavor through all the oil slick.
Iced tea was a very strange black tea/sassafras blend.
 Does anybody seriously think weak flat root beer flavoring makes good iced tea???  But the ginger limeade was superb.
 By itself, however, one good juice drink isn't enough to be worth the schlep out here.
Try Spice Monkey for fish'n'chips, Pican or Bistro 1491 for fried chicken, and anywhere else for a burger.
If only yelp allowed half stars, 3.
5 would be my true rating.
Service.
Came here for lunch with a friend on a Friday afternoon.
 Love the ambience.
 Small, cozy space.
 Restaurant was slow.
 Walked in.
 No hostess.
 Then she appeared behind the bar.
 Attended to a customer who had a takeout order, but neglected to greet us afterwards.
 Had to approach her to ask, "Do we seat ourselves?".
 Unenthusiastically, she responded, "No, I will.
" Half star ticked right off for that!.
The server was friendly, but not overbearing.
 I can't stand when a waiter asks you five times in 10 min intervals, "How is everything?".
There is outdoor seating in the front of the restaurant and they are dog friendly, yay!! My friend asked the server for some chicken for the dog and (although it took a while.
) he came back with perfectly grilled slices of chicken (4 bucks a breast).
 The food came out in a timely manner, but our additional order of the two Yonsei Oysters were lagging and we even thought that that it might have been forgotten.
 There were only three other tables at this time.
 Another half star ticked off!.
Food.
Start-Little Green Salad with butter lettuce, baby kale, (shaved) celery, hazelnuts, soft sheeps cheese, Sherry vinaigrette: (warning: it's truly starter size and takes four full bites to eat.
) Some bites were overly salted and others under.
 The sheeps cheese was the star.
 Greens were crisp and can't hate on those toasted hazelnuts.
 Last half star ticked off for this one!.
Main-Buttermilk Fried Chicken with black sesame asparagus: DAMN, that crusty, crunchy, flakey, party in yo mouth chicken skin.
 Tell me your secrets! It's a GIANT chicken drumstick+thigh.
 The meat itself was well cooked over a bed of cabbage slaw.
 Finally, topped with two grilled asparagus (keepin those expectations realistic!).
 Not the best fried chicken I've ever had, but pretty darn good.
Side-Yonsei Oysters with sea urchin, salmon roe and citrus: Real fresh ingredients.
 These were the good ones.
 Little sweet oysters.
 Gotta love that sea brine.
 More citrus than soy, but how can you go wrong that roe and sea urchin??! A dozen more please!.
I really wanted to like this place for brunch but only had an ok experience.
Warning:.
-Coffee was/is terrible! Sorry but it's either the beans you're using, lack of extraction when brewing or maybe the coffee machine needs to be decalcify.
We asked for another cup with a new pot and tasted just as bad.
-Place gets heated up fast.
 Seems like no AC so expect to sweat on a warm day.
 I can't imagine in the summer.
Now to food.
1.
 Buttermilk fried chicken - crispy, juicy, fresh and hot.
 Chicken and gravy were the best part of my brunch.
 However, biscuit was hard and chewy.
 Side of fruits tasted sour and old :( Also no choice on how you want your eggs when you order this dish.
 Only scrambled.
2.
 Mushroom Benedict - lacks flavor.
 Need a lil truffle oil or something to enhance the shiitake mushrooms and need to reduce the cream on the potatoes.
3.
 Donuts - good but really small for the portion.
only 3 mini round donuts.
 Gotta split the 3rd :/.
Honestly don't know if I'll try this place again.
 Tempted to go back and order the Benedict with pork belly but not sure I can convince the BF to give it another shot.
This is a cute, trendy spot in Uptown Oakland where customers ranging from college students to older, more mature patrons come to dine.
 It is a tiny restaurant, but there is seating both inside and outside, and the decorations are spot-on.
 The menu changes for lunch and dinner, and are limited to about 5-7 offerings, and is on the pricey side.
I came here once for brunch and another time for dinner.
My favorite is the yonsei oysters, which includes salmon roe and uni on the half shell, a perfect Asian fusion dish.
 They taste fresh and complex.
 One second you taste the salty juices of the roe, then you taste the sweet briny freshness of the uni, followed by the cool ocean flavor of the oysters.
 The portions are a bit small but they are definitely delicious.
For brunch, I had the braised pork belly benedict.
 The pork belly was cooked perfectly, crunchy and tender at the right places.
 The hollandaise sauce was the right amount of creamy and citrusy.
 I liked that it was a well-executed twist on a classic brunch platter.
However, I did not like the dinner dishes as much.
 They seemed a bit too average for the price you pay.
 Granted, I'm sure they use the most high quality and the freshest ingredients, but at $19 for a plate of pasta and $22 for clams, I sort of expect something out of this world.
The soba bucatini is very tomatoey but tastes just a bit better than the average pasta, though the green beans do add a nice crunch.
 The manila clams were yummy and it came with a deep-fried vegetable that paired well with the seafood tomato sauce.
 However, I felt the prices were too high for what my bf and I got.
Overall, this is a nice little date spot, but much more so for brunch.
 They have a bar and serve all types of alcohol, so it's great for boozey brunch.
Any chance to try a new brunch place is gladly taken - #brunchsohard! We heard this place has a better brunch menu than dinner.
 They have a very small location but there's apparently more seating next door! You can make reservations too, so definitely plan ahead.
Everything on their menu was tempting - American brunch fare with a Korean twist, what better combination could there be!? I just had to go for the kimchee fried rice with shoyu eggs and pork belly.
 Tender, flavorful, spicy and sweet.
every bite was perfect.
 We also got to try the donuts with butterscotch cream (it should be a sin to have this for breakfast) and the cinnamon challah toast with jam (how is this so soft?!).
 I had a bite of their famous fried chicken and biscuits for whatever room was left in my stomach and wow it was not your typical chicken and biscuits!.
Based on my experience today, you will not be disappointed no matter what you order.
 Wish we had this place closer to home.
I'd be ordering that kimchee fried rice on a weekly basis.
I went with a Yonsei Oyster and the Buttermilk Fried Chicken--both were good, but both items are way overpriced which disallows me from giving this place anymore than 3 stars.
 Everything else about the experience here was outstanding except the $23 chicken that didn't even come with a carb on the side.
 That dish is worth $13-$15 at most.
 It was literally just some fried chicken (sure, dredged in their signature marinade of buttermilk, soy sauce, and potato starch), some asparagus, and chrysanthemum salad with vinegar.
 The chicken was juicy and tasty but it wasn't even a decent size--was still hungry after.
 You can argue that this one dish alone isn't supposed to fill you up however I think that the very essence of fried chicken is a comfort food that serves the purpose of filling you up and if someone wants to make it extra special, he/she can do that, but he/she doesn't need to make it so fancy it becomes small and too expensive.
 It's fried chicken, how much extra does your buttermilk and soy sauce cost? This isn't Napa where you're surrounded by million dollar wineries.
 I can understand overpriced oysters, but $23 fried chicken in Oakland? You've got to be kidding me.
Since I wasn't fully satisfied, I had to go to Belly down the street which is where I should've went to in the first place.
 Literally, if they just added something like mashed or scalloped potatoes, this dish would be on point.
 I'm not sure why everyone raves about it.
 Furthermore, I've never complained about negative space on a dish but even from the consumer point of view, the dish didn't come together well looks-wise.
 It'll leave you hanging like, "where's the rest of my food?" The oyster was pretty delicious, but not worth $5.
So, I honestly would recommend checking out Hopscotch and I want to come back someday to give it another try, but please do yourself a favor and refrain from ordering that fried chicken--you're better off going to 'insert-your-favorite-fast-food-fried-chicken-joint here'.
On a positive note, the staff was very friendly and it's a cozy unique atmosphere that defines the rising Oakland food scene.
 I believe it might be best to make reservations if you're anticipating to come with friends during peak eating times.
I have to say Hopscotch has a pretty delicious brunch! This was my first time brunching in Oakland as opposed to SF, and it was pretty positive overall.
 The setup of the restaurant is a little confusing, as there are two separate rooms separated by a convenience store in the middle.
 We dined in the second room, which I actually thought had a nicer and more spacious layout.
We started off the meal with some mimosas and the Donuts and Butterscotch Cream.
 Definitely try these because they're super warm and fluffy, and the butterscotch is so good you'll literally want to bottle it and take it home! We decided to split a couple of the entrees, so we ordered the Buttermilk Fried Chicken and Biscuits, which had a really tasty gravy drizzled on top.
 The biscuit was nice and flaky and you can tell it's homemade.
 We also got the Kimchee Fried Rice with pork belly, which was the standout of the meal for me.
 The rice was really authentic, and I loved the addition of the jidori eggs!.
I've heard Hopscotch also has a delicious dinner menu, so I'd definitely come back to check it out!.
The combination of Beer (hops) and Scotch is already awesome but add gastro pub grub and you have the makings of a winner! The place is split into two separate rooms that are surrounding some other business so that's a bit strange at first.
 The main room where the hostess is located is quite small and I was wondering if we were going to fit.
 After a very short walk to their "annex" as they called it, we were pleased to find more larger tables and room for our party of four.
 Both rooms were sparsely decorated and appeared that the building was from the early 1900s, it had a cozy feel.
I had to start with a Hop / Scotch Pairing.
 I went with the Nikka Coffee Whiskey paired with Fort Point Charred Manzanita Red Ale ($14).
 The Scotch was served neat with both water and ice on the side.
 I popped a single rock into the scotch to open it up a bit and proceeded to sip back and forth off the two enjoying how the flavors played off each other in harmony.
The menu is spartan with only 5 entree offerings and 6 starter options.
 My wife had the ribs and I got to try one, they were quite good.
 They were tender but not too tender, seasoned well and served with Japanese Sweet Potatoes.
 I had the "First Base" Burger.
 It was a blend of house ground chuck and beef tongue.
 Now beef tongue is not usually something I seek out but I was feeling adventurous.
 I took a chance and ordered it medium rare on the waitresses suggestion and unfortunately is came out about as rare as I've ever seen a burger.
 I still ate it and it was tasty but I learned my lesson, medium for burgers, medium rare for steaks.
 I added the house cured bacon and some cheddar cheese to my burger and that put it @ $20.
 The $20 burger was served with some house made kennebec potato chips, it would have cost $4 more to substitute fries.
Price was my major gripe at this place (besides the uber rare meat), our bill was over $60 for the 2 of us and I had a burger! I'm not from the area so when I come back to town I will likely not return but it's worth trying at least once.
First time here for brunch, heard it was good but no expectations.
 We started with the Wasabi Bloody Mary's.
 I'm not a big Bloody Mary person but these totally hit the spot.
 Just the right level of heat and spice.
Then the donuts.
 You know when you have a bite of food and everyone goes quiet and looks at each other? Especially with a group that is usually not quiet? And then the conversation shifts to "What would be your last meal?" because the plate in front of you is now in the running? Yeah.
 Get the donuts.
Oh God and then the main course.
 I ordered the fried chicken with the sausage gravy on the side, poached eggs, biscuit and (mostly decorative) fruit and salad.
 This is some of the best fried chicken I've ever had.
 And the gravy with the biscuit.
 Ugh.
 I am still thinking about it 3 days later.
The service was friendly.
 Took a while to get our food, especially considering the place was mostly empty on a late Saturday afternoon, but I guess you can't rush perfection.
 I'll be back.
Any bar/restaurant that offers happy hour on a Saturday has a very, very special place in my heart.
 Especially when their happy hour menu includes $7 cocktails.
 Our bartender made the most amazing whiskey sours - he put egg white in them, so they were frothy and almost creamy.
The food is ah-mazing too.
 Holy crap, this is a f*cking good hamburger.
 The patty is so, so juicy and you can really taste that it's freshly made because the meat just crumbles in juicy goodness.
 Fries are thick and soft and they give you this tangy orange aioli to dip them in.
 It paired reallllly well with our whiskey sours.
The ambiance is old-timey and incredibly charming.
 Hopscotch has a second, disconnected room over from Subway (can we just get rid of the Subway?!) that we were seated in.
 One entire wall is a cream-colored tufted leather booth.
 It feels like something out of the golden age of jazz.
Service is remarkably friendly and made for a very comfortable experience.
 Love love love Hopscotch.
Oh hey, you can get a bucket of fried chicken to-go too :).
A friend who knows I like fried chicken said I had to come here and try their buttermilk fried chicken.
  $18 for half a chicken, she said.
  At those prices, it'd better be some chicken, I said.
In the first place, it isn't half a chicken.
  (To be fair to the restaurant, they don't say it is.
)  It's two pieces, a boneless breast and a drumstick (not boneless), sort of melded together with a bridge of excess breading.
  When it was served, I was told "the only bone is in the drumstick", which suggested that there might be at least a boneless thigh or a boneless wing in there somewhere, but there wasn't.
The breading was very crunchy and very thick.
  It had an interesting seasoning, that was its best point.
  It was quite tolerable with the thick, not particularly moist breast meat.
  Once I'd eaten that, though, the breading became overwhelming, and I was glad there wasn't any more.
After leaving here, I drove up Telegraph and went past a Church's, and I thought: I could have gotten twice as much fried chicken, just as good and with less heavy breading, for half as much money, if I'd gone here instead.
One of the rare times my wife and I agreed that a restaurant was 5 stars.
I had the burger.
 It was perfectly done, juicy, and tasted amazing.
 One of the best burgers I've had.
 It was worth the $14.
My wife had the ribs, which she loved.
 The meat came off the bone very easily, and the sauce was quite flavorful (and a bit smokey, which she liked).
 She was also very happy with the cocktail she had (an interesting tropical and smokey flavor combo).
We also really enjoyed the mud pie.
No complaints!.
Food to die for and a counter to die at.
Brunch could be wonderful, but you can't eat comfortably at the counter.
 The stools have no foot rest and you get a climbing Halfdome experience clinging to the 2 inch rail the provide.
NOTE TO READER: Before I get my head chopped off by other yelpers.
 (This has happened before) I am about to go on a 14 hour flight, out of the country.
 During this flight I have nothing to do and I know I have slacked on my reviewing because I have been crazy busy! Although every time I have gone somewhere new I made it a point to check-in so I may go back and review later.
 It has taken me a while to review these restaurants but I am finally doing so.
 Before somebody says "you posted x9843058048 reviews in one day", please know that I am reviewing as my flight is in the air and will be posting once landed at my destination.
 Thank you! Also, I review on trip advisor before anybody goes psycho crazy on me saying they seen this review elsewhere.
 I post on both yelp and trip advisor of my reviews! Thank you (:.
Location: Downtown Oakland, street parking!.
Customer Service: Fast and welcoming!.
Decor: Small restaurant but cutesy atmosphere, we sat at the table top seating where the small bar is at.
Presentation of Food: ---.
How did the food taste?: FIRST BASE BURGER WITH GRIDDLED BEEF TONGUE.
 That's all I have to say.
 AMAZING.
Overall Experience: Good!.
Would I Come Back?: Yes!! Hell Yes!.
When my daughter flew in from Orlando, she was hungry.
  So, we decided to eat something small.
  Hence, we came to Oakland Grill.
  We were here a few times, but I never got a chance to write a review until now.
We ordered the waffle with 2 eggs, and 2 bacons.
  When they brought the plate, it was a large portion.
  Good side for 2 people.
  My daughter and I shared a plate.
The food wasn't too bad.
  Can't really go wrong with breakfast, unless it's Dennys.
  For the most part, it was good.
  I like their service.
  Very friendly service.
  The ambience wasn't too bad.
  It can get very busy during the weekends.
  Be prepare for it.
Rating:.
Food:  4.
Service:  4.
Price:  4.
Ambience:  4.
Overall:  4.
I would come back over and over again.
We got lucky with parking for a Sunday but we did look for around 10 mins.
Wait was super quick for a Sunday at 11:30, the guy who seated us was awesome!.
Get to a cute table, given menus.
Waitress comes and is stank in the face, I can tell this will be fun, no hello, no nothing, just :.
"What would you like? ".
The food was expensive for what it is but hey that's trendy Oakland.
I would have at least had an egg that was cooked to order.
 ( picture added ).
I got attitude for being allergic to pineapple, had no idea pancakes come with a side of fruit as it's not mentioned on the menu.
I'm sad! My boyfriend loves Eggs Benny and his would have been really easy place to help him get his fix.
Yes! Family could not stop telling me about the crab cakes, and they were delicious.
  Serving size here is stupendous.
  Staff here is really nice, and our waitress was so attentive.
We split the crab cake benedict and pancakes.
  The apple sausage is worth trying.
I love a breakfast place like this.
  The atmosphere is just relaxed and warm.
I came with a bigger group of 6 and had about a 25 minute wait which is a lot faster than I thought it would be considering the large crowd of people standing outside of the restaurant.
I ordered the chef's eggs Benedict which I was really excited about from the reviews, but sadly it just fell short.
 The eggs itself were cooked perfectly and the side potatoes were well seasoned and quite tasty.
 Aside from that everything else was quite disappointing.
 The sausage wasn't very tasty and the sauce was too overpowering and made the toasted English muffin soggy and hard to cut through.
 Though I was starving coming in I barely could finish half the meal.
Taking a bite of the cob salad, I wish I would have gotten that because the crispy bacon and the fresh lettuce mixed with the well seasoned chicken (which was a hair dry) was worlds better than what I had.
Overall, aside from the great customer service this place was just meh and I probably would check out another breakfast place next time.
GREAT BRUNCH SPOT! Generous portions, and their potato hash is bomb! It has a subtle spiciness to it.
 The side of potatoes comes with your entree, or it's 3.
99$ as a side.
 We ordered the Dungeness crab Benedict, which was on their special.
 It had heaping servings of crab, a great creamy hollandaise sauce on top and a great portion of potatoes.
 For 1.
99$, you can substitute your toast with a pancake.
We also ordered the turkey/avocado/bacon Benedict, also on their special.
 The combo was amazing and the poached egg was nice & drippy when I poked into it.
Great spot, service was friendly & atmosphere was inviting.
 Will definitely come back !.
Jack London Square was fairly empty on Monday around 11:30 am.
 Assuming that it was a weekday and no one around, we thought the Oakland Grill wouldn't have much people.
 But I guess everyone that didn't have work also decided to go to Oakland grill.
 It was pretty packed, we came in and snagged the last table.
CRAB CAKE BENEDICT: $12.
99.
SUPER FRIED.
 but it was so good.
 [Crab cake+Poached egg + hollandaise sauce+English muffin].
My friend preferred the blackstone Benedict, he said the crab and was too heavy and too fried for him.
 All of the benedicts come with seasoned potatoes with a dollop of sour cream.
 I Put the sour cream on the side.
 Also comes with two small slices of fruit.
BLACKSTONE BENEDICT: $12.
99.
[bacon+tomato+hollandaise sauce+English muffin] totally preferred the crab cake.
 The way they made the eggs though wasn't as runny as we all thought it would be.
 This one was okay to me, but my friends loved this one way more.
STRAWBERRY MIMOSA: $3.
99.
Pretty small glass.
 I totally thought it was strawberry + mimosa (OJ + Champagne) but it was actually strawberry + champagne.
 It was pretty tasty.
 Wish the flavor was more crispy C like a chilled glass or something.
ORANGE JUICE: $4.
50.
Freshly squeezed.
 No pulp.
 A bit pricey.
 Small glass.
Definitely a good find.
 Would come again.
 Has the ambience of a Denny's diner.
 Also has an upstairs for dining.
This was a cool little place my work group visited while out on a team building trip.
 The location is in an area where there's a lot of wholesale produce traffic, so be forewarned that not only is parking bad, but be mindful of fast moving forklifts hauling produce.
The restaurant has a lot of charm.
 The kind of charm that says "established" and unpretentious.
  My coworker set up the whole affair and had their staff arrange a large table for us.
 While a few of my coworkers were late, they cheerfully filled our water glasses and coffee mugs without rushing us or giving us the impatient looks.
 Granted it wasn't busy, but you all have been there.
After having four cups of coffee, I had the applewood smoked sausage with eggs and hash browns.
 It was quite filling and I only finished about more than half.
 In my opinion the apple sausage was a bit too sweet for my tastes, but was still pretty tasty.
 There was a heaping portion of hash browns which was done right and not swimming in oil.
Service was really good, they really took good care of us.
I seriously doubt I'll venture here again as it's pretty far from where I live and parking is typical Oakland, but if someone invited me, I'd cheerfully meet them there.
Lipstick stains on my coffee cup, potatoes didn't have the sour cream I asked for, an item that was not mine was added to my bill, and the poached egg on my benedict was fully cooked and didn't run at all! That's the whole point of the benedict! All of this and I couldn't even find my server to ask for these things to be fixed until my date was finished with their food.
 Super bummer.
 The only reason I gave a second star was that I've been here before and had a better experience.
 This was pretty disappointing though.
Oakland Grill will definitely satisfy your breakfast needs for brunch.
  Located in downtown Oakland, it serves breakfast all day for those late risers.
I went with the Lox Benedict (smoked salmon) with a side of potatoes and a few strawberry mimosas.
  It was tasty, hearty, and the portion was huge.
 The mimosas was mostly champagne, so don't worry about being skimped.
Overall, it was delicious.
 The only downside is my smoked salmon was topped with warm hollandaise sauce that lightly cooked the salmon (I like mine raw).
 Maybe I should've ordered it on the side next time.
Go with the Benedict, they're most popular dish.
Oakland Grill is my solution to my Jersey diner.
* They serve their menu all day (yes, breakfast anytime), they're pretty much always busy on the weekends, the food is hearty and reasonably priced.
I've been both for weekday lunch and a Sunday brunch and both did not disappoint.
 Lunch was much calmer; we walked right in like we owned the place.
 My chicken and black beans was so large, I failed to clean my plate.
 It was also healthy (yay!), filled with grilled chicken, black beans, fresh salsa, corn tortillas, a side salad and what seemed to be a half avocado.
 It's so nice to be able to order fresh food at a casual eatery like this.
This past weekend's meal wasn't quite so healthy.
 I indulged in the veggie benedict with hollandaise on the side.
 Not the most adventurous order, but definitely a solid one! The perfectly poached eggs topped on an english muffin with grilled tomatoes and avocado.
 My one complaint? I think they could step it up on their english muffin game.
 Change it up maybe? Higher quality muffins? Still wonderful, but it could have used a lil' something.
Most breakfasts come with what seems to be a pound of breakfast potatoes.
 Although the b'fast potatoes are solid, I prefer mine extra crispy (which I'll request for next time), as these were a bit more mushy.
 The fresh fruit slices are such a great touch and this fruit was perfectly ripe!.
Coffee is dece, nothing gourmet and I spied a strawberry mimosa that was going like hot cakes.
 Service is on point with water glasses always filled and quick service.
Overall, a solid neighborhood joint.
 Not sure if I'd wait an hour to grub, but definitely worth a 20 minute wait as the direct 'hood can be a bit sparse for brunching options, especially on a Sunday.
* There are more diners per capita in Jersey than anywhere else in the world! Boo ya! #Themoreyouknow.
Decent neighborhood establishment with all the usual items you'd expect for brunch, whether omelets, scrambles, benedicts, and other egg-heavy dishes; or lunch, such as salads, sandwiches, and burgers.
 Anything you can get here is going to be pretty dependable and well-portioned for the price.
 Service is reasonably friendly too.
 Overall, a perfectly decent experience that might not pack a lot of "wow" punches but is nevertheless dependable.
Stopped in here for breakfast on a Saturday morning and it was pretty packed but they seated us within 5 minutes.
 We ordered the eggs vocal stone which was like an eggs Benedict but with bacon and tomatoes instead of Canadian bacon.
 The hollandaise sauce was amazing and so were the potatoes.
 My fiancé also had a pancake which was super fluffy and the portions were great.
 Would definitely eat here again.
One of my favorite brunch spots! Especially since they serve breakfast ALL DAY!.
Its usually busy but you get seat right away almost all the time! Once you walk in, always get greeted by someone who's working.
I usually order the Eggs Benedict and you always get a choice to have fruits or potatoes on the side.
 They always have the freshest fruits available and if you have a specific fruit you only want, they will be happy to accommodate you.
 I tried the potatoes too and they were equally delicious.
The server always comes  by to fill your water cup without you having to ask.
 They constantly come by to check up on your table.
 Everyone is always extremely friendly.
My favourite brunch spot in Oakland hands down.
 Recommended by my grandma who would frequently come here during her conferences back in the day and whose advice I take to heart.
I'm a creature of habit so I always order the crab cake Benedict.
loved it the first time and every time since.
 Their food is Always bomb and just made with lots love.
The spot is hidden, near a produce area, lots of parking outside.
 It has 2 levels, downstairs with booths or upstairs.
 Excellent cooks behind those grills, and friendly servers.
 A must whilst in Oakland!!.
This place is in such a hidden area (near all the meat packaging/wholesale warehouses).
 I love it regardless though!.
FOOD:.
I got one of the Benedict and can't remember which one but I've never been a fan of crab cake or ham so I asked if I could replace it with a sausage patty and they were able to accommodate me! The one thing I look forward to in eating eggs benedict is the yolk that comes out of it, and for both my visits the yolk came gushing out, YES!.
SERVICE:.
The servers have always been super nice.
 I've never had a bad encounter with any of them.
 Super friendly, and I'm glad they're able to substitute.
PARKING:.
Parking is on the street, & it is meter parking, unless you park like 2 blocks away for 2 hour free parking.
Delicious eggs benedict and $3 mimosas? Yes please!.
Arrived here for the usual Sunday brunch ritual after getting frustrated and not finding any bottomless mimosa spots that served past 2 pm.
 We settled for this spot when we noticed how nicely priced their mimosas were.
 It was of course incredibly busy since it was Sunday brunch hours and but we only waited about 15 minutes for a table.
 Our server was incredibly kind and it being our first time was very information and willingly gave us her recommendations.
My friend went with the burger and I opted for the eggs benedict after eyeing it up at our neighbor's table.
 I'm sure the crab benedict is the more popular option, but oddly enough I'm not the biggest fan of crab.
 Two rounds of mimosas in and our food arrived.
 It looked AMAZING first off, and the taste matched its appearances.
 The eggs were basically orgasmic.
 Perfectly cooked and explosive with all that delicious yolk.
 The potatoes that came on the side were freaking delicious as well! So packed full of different type of herbs, flavors, and you can tell that the cooks had scraped all of the good stuff off of the pan (hey, that's where all the flavor is, right?) to garnish the potatoes.
 I was in heaven, and so incredibly happy by the time the meal was done.
I do wish they had bottomless mimosas and chicken and waffles, but those are just my own selfish desires.
 Other than that, I will certainly return!.
Great everything!  Seriously.
  I had never tried Red Bay Coffee before this- two thumbs up!  Plus it's roasted in Oakland- I love that!.
I first tried the oatmeal and went for sweet- adding bananas, brown sugar and yogurt.
  Delicious!  However, the polenta- oh the polenta!  I get it with caramelized red onions, fresh green onions, sun-dried tomatoes, olive oil and sea salt.
  Filling, nutritious and absolutely delicious.
It was all so good that I had to go back and try their donut happy hour- HOLY COW!!.
Top that all off with a fantastic mission- " job creation and leadership training for girls in Oakland who face significant barriers to employment," this is definitely a favorite spot now.
  I highly recommend it.
Mamacitas Cafe is small, just a serving counter on the left.
 and some lounge seats to the right.
another room has tables for laptopers.
 not sure if it's connected to the Cafe or not.
eats: oats or polenta(grits)  choose polenta (12 oz 6.
95).
-choice of many toppings and seasonings.
-roasted tomatos, zuchinni, sea salt, green onions was my choices.
-delicious! never thought i would like grits.
brew: red bay coffee (3).
-bold, herby taste.
-definitely unique.
drips:.
-parking difficult in this area.
-quick service with smiles.
-menu limited to 2 offerings, maybe more in the morning?.
In a world overrun with Starbucks, Peet's and Keurig machines that you have to decalcify every 2 minutes (you don't know my struggle so you don't feel my hustle!), a good cup of coffee has become a luxury that too many of us don't get too experience often enough.
 But look no further! Sip on without the shame of knowing your joe was sourced by underpaid laborers and upheld by unfair labor practices! Dunk a delicious donut hole in that cup and know that pastry was made with wholehearted love and passion by women who support fair business practices and use their small business to uplift their community!.
I love everything about Mamacita's, and please believe that the coffee, lavender lemonade and yummy donut kebabs are just the beginning.
 The owners, Shana and Renee, grind super hard for theirs and employ and educate young women in high school on the ins and outs of business ownership along the way by offering opportunities to keep kids occupied and focused.
 They serve up Red Bay Coffee, keeping it fresh, local and delicious while giving back to the hood whenever they can.
 I can't praise them enough!.
My fiancée and I first heard word of Mamacitas Café in the East Bay Express over the summer and appreciated their mission.
 Then when looking for a vendor for our post-wedding picnic they came immediately to mind.
 It was easy as pie to get in touch with them and then for a very fair price they served a lovely selection of their amazing donut kebabs to our assembled guests.
They were there on time, supplied all the gear they needed, and ran a well organized operation.
Both the sweet and savory options were a big hit, along with the hot coffee, iced coffee, iced tea, and lemonade.
 I would recommend them to anyone looking for a dessert or coffee vendor.
I sat with a group of 4.
 Everything was tasty and the service was perfect.
 They were more than accommodating for our 8 month son.
We shared a chicken and waffle, which was very tasty.
 The waffle reminds me of a doughnut and the chicken has a perfectly crispy battery.
I had the vegetable hash and everything was cooked just right: nothing soggy or greasy.
 The red chile sauce was a great compliment to the greens.
Long wait.
  That's to be expected though.
Coffee was good.
I had the waffle with fried chicken.
  The waffle was better than average but the chicken wasn't great.
  They use chicken breast, which is indisputably the worst cut of meat on the bird.
  It's a tasteless, fat-less cut.
  There's a reason fried chicken joints serve legs and wings.
This is a mixed review regarding the food and the atmosphere.
  Had the Thursday before Memorial Day off and the choice of Oakland eateries were Mama's  Royal Cafe (a standard on any day of hookie) and Aunt Mary's.
  So I choose to pay Auntie a visit.
Service: On point, coffee DELICIOUS!!!  Whatever the jam was.
YAASS!!!.
The not so great.
 The noise level in this place is deafening.
  It was about 11 am and not crowed, but steady.
  Restaurants of today have zero noise cancellation and given the open space, closeness of the kitchen and lots of wood decor the sound is to the point of painful.
I ordered the Corned Beef Hash with Poached Eggs.
  I know my corned beef and this was a miss.
  Very little meat and a whole lot of deconstructed cabbage and peppers.
  Nothing was together.
  It was like a tiny bit of meat topped with cabbage, onions, some potatoes and the topped with the eggs that were not poached well (running whites).
  Homemade rye bread was excellent.
My last put off was this little note card that explained about the "surcharge".
  Auntie charges a 15% surcharge to help pay for the entire staff.
  You may also leave and additional amount that will go directly to your server.
  And like a good Aunt, she has broken down what the extra 3% or 5% for your server would be.
  You read this coming into the restaurant, you read it again at the table and on your tab.
The cost of doing business is just that.
  Whatever you have to pay to keep your place staffed well should be built into the cost of your meals, not let the patron work on supplementing your payroll.
  What will we see next?  PG&E goes up on gas so there is another surcharge to read about if we want hot food or to see the food on the table?.
So, I will not return to Aunt Mary's, and I will instead go visit Mama's.
like everyone should.
We went here with an open mind, but was disappointed.
 Food and service were WAY below average.
 And what's up with this 15% mandatory tip? I don't buy this argument that since kitchen staff are making min wage then charge customers more to help the kitchen staff.
 Really? If the owner really cares for his employees, why pay them min wage? Give them a raise man.
 Don't ask customers to compensate for your lack of humanity.
 Total BS.
 We will never go back here and will not recommend it to anyone.
Now here are just 2 examples of the shortfalls regarding the food:.
(1) $15 for 2 hard pancakes with fake cherry jam.
 Really? For the sake of comparison: Bette's diner has the BEST pancakes; price for 2 is $6.
75 (same size).
 It comes with butter and syrup (and not attitude).
 Who would pay twice as much money for lower quality food/service?.
(2) my poached eggs where raw yuk.
 It's not very hard to make poached eggs.
 Believe me, just Google it and you'll learn.
I think people who give this place 5 starts should really get out more often.
 Try other breakfast places.
 Any place is better than this (Yes even Denny's).
 The entire experience was way below average.
 The only bright side was my lovely company.
I've had Aunt Mary's bookmarked for sooo long it moved to a new location hahah! (Not far.
only a few blocks down!).
After my experience, I can see why so many people rave about it.
 It's super casual with generous portions.
 Prices are not cheap here, but you are paying for good quality dishes.
 (Kid friendly too - there's toys and books in the waiting area).
Our party of 7 didn't have to wait long early on a Saturday morning (around 9am).
 I put my name down at the front & was told they have a special room upstairs for large parties.
 (I believe your party has to be complete before they will seat you though) We felt like VIPs since we had the whole space to ourselves.
 There was even a bathroom upstairs and couches! KUDOS to our wonderful server to made the endless treks up and down the stairs bringing our food, clearing our plates, refilling our coffee, and checking on us periodically.
I really liked my Southern Bubble and Squeak dish (what a cool name :D) It's basically like gravy, eggs, and mashed potatoes.
simple enough but it was really tasty.
 Another memorable dish in the party was Huevos Benedictos but it was way spicer than it looked.
 Also, I was really impressed with the side of pancake ($1.
75) that came with the Basic Eggs & 2 Sides - so gigantic!.
They were featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives but unfortunately I didn't get to try the Pain Perdue this particular visit.
 Yelp pics look amazing though - can't wait to go back for brunch again to try it!! (Only served during weekend brunch).
This is definitely a neighborhood gem and worth a visit if you are in Oakland!.
Tips: Large parties of 8 or more can call to make reservations before 9am.
 15% auto tip charge on all bills.
 No dinner service.
 No TOGO orders on weekends.
You know when you walk into a place and it just reminds you of a little piece of your past? That happened for me at Aunt Mary's.
 I can't pinpoint what, but walking in on a later afternoon weekday, to a spacious and airy place, a kind hello and people thoroughly enjoying their food, I knew I was in for a treat.
 A little bit country, a little bit Oakland, this diner is serving up comfort food all day, every day.
 No dinner service here, but they make up for it by offering breakfast until their 3pm closing.
I can see this place being a shit show on weekend brunch.
 Be patient.
 If you're like me and can enjoy a leisurely weekday meal, as always I suggest that.
 I went with the chilaquiles asking for the two accompanying eggs poached and an iced tea and got to using their free wifi.
The iced tea was a bucket.
 Straight up the largest mason jar filled with unsweetened iced tea.
 No need for refills, since I mean, there is so much dang liquid.
 Smart.
The chilaquiles.
 Not like the one from your local taqueria.
 Lacking in elbow grease from an abuela, they were still a treat for the senses.
 The fried tortilla chips perfectly soft, yet still had a hint of crisp served a pretty perfect bed for the eggs, pico, black beans and avocado.
 The side tortillas were even a bit of an overkill.
 The hint of heat from the verde salsa really rounded up this dish.
I thoroughly enjoyed my experience.
 15% gratuity is included and divided amongst all staff and you can choose to give more which goes directly to your server.
 I'm ok with that.
 My one small gripe? This isn't a cheap endeavor.
 Lunch was around $18, not the cheapest meal you've ever had.
I'll be back mainly to try more on the menu, especially the hangtown fry-tatta: a frittata with bacon and spinach, topped with fried oysters and fennel slices, drizzled with Rockefeller sauce.
 Yep.
 That's the truth right there.
 I'll be back, for sure.
Their BLT is the best sandwich I have ever eaten, and I am not a sandwich person.
 It's the XL bacon strips and spicy aioli generously spread in between the toasty, buttered sandwich bread with crunchy, fresh lettuce that will make you return for this.
Served with a fresh, green salad NOT overdressed with vinaigrette.
The other must-try is their oyster po-boy.
 It's fried to crispy deliciousness.
 I love their refillable iced tea and my husband loves their lemonade.
Extremely family friendly - They have high chairs and mommas often come here so you're likely to see a breastfeeding mom or two who'll understand if your kiddo has a meltdown.
 Not sure if the bathroom has a changing room.
Call ahead for pick-up if you'd like.
 Tips are automatically included and split among front and back of house staff.
I love this place, I'll be back, and if there's anything bad to be said - it's that the food's so good, it's a popular spot so expect to wait a little to eat, but be rest assured that your taste buds will be excited and you'll remember your meal and be back soon.
I really like the food here.
 The oyster po'boy is especially good.
 Stopped going due to this 15% surcharge business.
 I don't want to feel pressured to leave a tip on top of a forced tip -- which is really what it is, regardless of what they choose to call it.
 Check out the card I found on the table the last time I was there.
 (Sorry, but Yelp does not have a "rotate" function!).
I have always been a good tipper, and very forgiving of problems that are out of the server's control, so it's not the amount that turns me off, rather the principle.
Sad, because the food is good, though it is a little high, and perhaps that's why they couldn't just up the food prices rather than institute the surcharge.
I'm always exploring breakfast and brunch places in Oakland and, given the reviews I had read, I was highly anticipating a great breakfast/brunch here.
 While everything started great, it was just went downhill from there and I walked out very disappointed.
First, the good stuff: It was very busy, but I was still promptly greeted by hostess who handed me the waiting list.
 When she saw I was jus one person, she offered me a seat at the counter.
 Once there, I was promptly attended to by a smiling and friendly server, Sasha, who took coffee order and was patient with me while I decided what I wanted for breakfast.
 My meal, the huevos benedictos, was excellent.
 The sauce, not hollandaise, was very spicy, which is great with me! Up until the time Sasha checked on how I liked my meal, she was five stars all the way.
What went wrong?.
A few minutes after I was seated, a second hostess came up to me and said that there was a waiting list, implying that I "cut" in front of everybody on the waiting list.
 I told her I tried to get on the list, but another hostess offered me the counter.
 She wanted to know who that was and then she walked away and never said another word to me.
 She was very polite and professional, but I found the encounter offensive, partly because she never apologized.
 Also, she should have checked with the other hostesses before confronting with me.
The other issues were minor.
 My server never offered to refill my coffee, I had to ask twice.
 She dropped off my bill with a polite comment and was gone before I could say anything to her - without ever asking me if I wanted anything else, which I did.
Service is as important to me as the food and this was a bad experience, primarily because of the second hostess, not the server.
 Because the food was good, I may try it again someday.
Came here for brunch once with my sister, dad and niece.
Everyone seemed to like their food, including my picky 3-year-old niece.
 I ordered the Grilled Flank Steak Sandwich.
 The flavors were great, but my meat was so tough!!!!! It was so awkward to eat because I couldn't rip off a piece and all of it would just come flying out of the bread.
 If the steak wasn't so hard, this sandwich would've been amazing and would've changed how many stars I'm giving this place.
 I tried my sister's catfish sandwich and it was delicious.
 Should have gotten that.
They have an interesting and unique menu which makes me want to come back and try some more.
After receiving a recommendation of this spot from a co worker, we decided to check it out as we were still looking out for a signature breakfast spot in the East Bay.
  We came here for Sunday brunch and found ourselves only waiting for about  15 minutes for a table.
  We ordered:.
Lemon ricotta cornmeal pancakes.
Side of spicy pork sausage.
Pain perdu.
Sadly, everything was no more than mediocre.
  The sauce that was served with the pancakes was crazy overpowering.
  It would have been better served without.
  The pancakes, alone, tasted great.
The homemade sausage, while I appreciated it, was overcooked and dry.
The whiskey pain perdu fell short.
  After a bite or two, I was over it.
  It looked better than it tasted.
Service also fell short.
  It was difficult to find someone to ask for our check or get a refill on water and coffee.
  3 stars at most.
I have to say im only judging off my food experience here.
 I was with a table of 5 and everyone agreed my food was definitely the worst.
 So.
The bisquits and gravy taste more like bisquit and paste.
 A paste that gives a hint of glue.
No salt added whatsoever.
 I mean NONE.
 Possibly the blandest biscuit and gravy I've ever witnessed.
 So much for being whisked away to my childhood.
Yeah.
 No.
$15 for that atrocity.
I tasted the waffle of my friends.
 On point.
 Chicken was good too.
The fried oysters-doable.
Minus 1 star for having a menu that actually says  "maple flavored syrup" or actual "maple syrup" for $3.
 Yeah.
no.
 Just serve maple syrup.
The service was just ok too.
 I mean I probably wouldnt go back but it's worth a try if your in the area.
Aunt Mary's is a solid place for breakfast and brunch.
  Although their specialty items are a little more expensive, they're pretty good.
  I enjoyed the posole verde.
  Good pancakes too.
  I didn't like the chicken fried steak too much, I thought the meat was a little rubbery, but the chile sauce on top was good.
  Ingredients are fresh and portions are generous.
Amazing food and service.
   I saw this place on Diners and Dives and was sold when they showed how to make Shrimp and Grits.
   After visiting our daughter on Mothers day weekend, we got up early to avoid the breakfast rush.
  They opened at 8:00.
  We were greeted and asked to sit where we wanted.
  This area and restaurant setting reminded us of Portland, Oregon.
  Loved it.
  I of course had to try the Shrimp and Grits, which was amazing.
  We watched other food pass by and everything looked amazing.
  You must try Aunt Mary's!.
I have many happy memories of this place.
 Great appetizers and cocktails.
  They have $1 oysters for happy hour and they are always fresh and delicious.
 They serve a lot of cool condiments with them that are fun to try and are taste tantalizing.
 If you never had raw oysters before, this is a good place to try it first, because they are small and mild.
 I also highly recommend their deviled eggs.
 I am not crazy about their chicken wings.
that is one dish I would not recommend.
They have a large selection of wines and the waiters really know what their stuff in case you need help choosing the right drink for your mood.
 No matter how busy they get I've never had an issue with the wait staff and we always were able to get a seat somehow, though we usually get there early.
Where do I start? I had a detailed review in my head but then realized it was long and would have been a rant, so I will just give pluses and minuses and be brief.
Started out as a nice warm Oakland evening at the beginning of a three day weekend and looking forward to relaxing with great food and cocktails.
 The drinks, yes, they were great: sidecar and petit pomme.
 Nice wine list too.
Started with the roasted cauliflower and baby kale to share.
 The cauliflower was not cooked, and the dish was barely warm.
 Server said it was not intended to be hot.
 We took two bites of raw cauliflower, and she took it away-not going to eat raw cauliflower.
 The sauce was rather bland as well.
 Very disappointing.
Next came our steak and sliders.
 The sliders they got right although the buns were a little dry.
 I could easily overlook this.
 The steak was cooked just right, and the sauce was good, but again the dish came to us barely warm.
 Is this a new thing I just don't know about?  I like my food served hot from pan or grill to plate to table.
Our fries to share never came; we had to ask for them.
 When they did arrive, they were great-perfectly cooked and seasoned, temp was just right, and aioli was better than most.
 Still disappointing since we had already finished our mains.
 Would have been nice to enjoy both at the same time.
 Oh well.
Service was aloof and uneven.
 They had a crowd but not too busy so there was no reason for delayed service.
 If the kitchen is having timing issues, the server just didn't seem concerned.
 I felt like we just had to take what we got with no apologies, just drop the plate at the table and run.
 There are some nice sounding dishes on the menu I would like to try, but I don't think that will happen any time soon.
This is not my place; I will not return.
Pesto pizza, chicken wings, ceviche, wine tasting, cocktails.
 My ladies and I had a great night there sharing dinner and drinks.
Busy lively atmosphere for late 20-30-40 somethings.
I would definitely recommend to others and go back for Friday night happenings.
 The food was great and service was great!.
Whooooooaaaa there Yelp.
 How have I NOT written a review for one of my favorite happy hours in the East Bay? Yeah.
 I genuinely love their happy hour offerings and the food for that is also delish.
 De.
 Lish.
 Umph.
I actually discovered District's amazing happy hour on a pub crawl.
 Yes.
 That have happy hour on Saturdays.
 You're welcome.
 So once you've had brunch, with bottomless mimosas, started to sober up, and don't want to.
come here.
The tables fill up mostly due to reservations.
 #protip.
But, if you can find yourself at the bar, then go for it.
 Minus a star because the service can be (okay, probably will be) slow.
 But, no one is perfect right?.
The menu includes $6 house wine, beers, well drinks, and my favorite the food (see photo for menu).
 $6 for 6 oysters, yes.
 Recommendation: go with the truffle fries.
 They are cooked to order so they are not cold.
 They come seasoned with salt, pepper, and what I believe is Rosemary (listed as herbs and truffle Parmesan aioli), ketchup, and the dipping sauce aforementioned.
It's walkable from 12th street BART and then you can explore old Oakland, head to Jack London Square, or off to the Fox Theatre and Uptown.
 I love it here and definitely recommend it for a stop along the way or a place for drinks.
District isn't a restaurant.
  It's a wine bar with food.
  We failed to know this.
Their menu consists of small plates and pizzas.
  The bf and I ordered six dishes and that was too much.
  Stick to about two dishes per person and you should be good.
  If not, order as you go.
MUST TRY:.
The two standout dishes of the night were the tempura avocado and the sliced hanger steak.
  The tempura avocado had a light and crispy exterior, topped with chili lime salt (which was phenomenal), and served with a roasted jalapeno aioli sauce for dipping.
  The hanger steak was so tender that it melts in your mouth.
  The topping was that it was served with chimichurri sauce.
OTHER FOOD:.
*The raw oysters were medium size and served with a mignonette sauce and fresh horseradish.
  They do have $1 oysters (opposed to $2.
50 each) during happy hour (weekdays 4-6pm).
*The steak tartare was okay.
  The bf wasn't a big fan as it was tangier than other places.
  One of the biggest mistakes with the dish was the egg.
  Unlike most places that serve it with a raw egg on top, District's version cooks their egg.
  My egg was more cooked than in pictures I've seen on Yelp and lacked that yolky gooiness.
*The margherita pizza had a nice thin crust and was perfect for sharing.
  It was topped with tomatoes, mozzarella and basil.
  It was good but it needed more tomatoes or tomato sauce.
Service was nice but staff was often missing so it took a long time getting what we needed.
  There was a bit of a timing issue with food arrival.
  The pace in the beginning was good as we had food in front of us but not to the point of taking up all table room).
  There was so much time between the last couple dishes that food had settled and we were too full.
Depending on the size of your party, make a reservation on Opentable.
  If reservations aren't made, seating is free for all which we lucked out with.
  District has a limited number of reservations because there is a limited amount of seating.
  Though it's a big place, most of the area is taken for bar seating and lounge areas.
WHAT TO KNOW:.
*Full bar.
*Take advantage of their happy hour specials from 4-6pm.
*Street parking or a paid lot across the street.
My friend and I went to district to watch the warriors game last night and had a horrifying experience.
 I asked the bartender to place a order for food and drinks, he rolled his eyes and said I'm kinda busy ( tall large white male).
My friend who I was with (white) went outside after the game as we waited on the bill to take a call from a Ill family member.
 I went outside to let her know that the bill was ready.
 The manager John ran outside in full stride after me and yelled in front of everybody outside you are banned you are banned for skipping out on your bill.
 I explained to him I was getting her to come pay her portion but he continued to yell that I was banned.
 We gave him our cards and proceeded to walk behind him.
 He told the security not to let me in while he charged our cards.
 When he returned he threw bill holder at my friend with our cards in it which fell on the ground.
 As we checked the bill he charged us double and refused to let us back in to discuss it.
 I have never been so disrespected at an establishment in all my life.
One of those rare places that does a number of things well, whether it's serving up weekend brunch, offering daily drinks and dinner, or morphing into a thumpin' hangout on late weekend nights.
No matter what the environment is, the ambience is friendly, casual, diverse, and welcoming in a uniquely Oakland way.
 Brunches here, in particular, are a laid-back way of easing into your weekend day, and there's a wide array of scrumptious offerings to choose from.
 Seems like half of Oakland is here too, all with smiling faces.
Can't go wrong with this place no matter the purpose.
 Highly recommended.
My friend wanted to try this place and I was down to because they had $1 oysters.
  When I entered, I stood their awkwardly trying to find a waiter to seat me.
 I didn't know that you actually seat yourself.
 (Remember this! So you don't awkwardly stand there and wait for someone to come).
 Once we sat down, it took them awhile to come to the table.
 The service here is extremely slow.
 The food service is fine.
 But grabbing the waiter's attention is extremely difficult.
I tried the following:.
Peach Bellini: it was good! But not much for $6.
 I finished it quickly.
 So ordered the next drink.
Grapefruit beer: it was delicious! I wanted to order another one but I was kind of full.
Oysters: they were good.
 They waiter asked if we wanted Tabasco and I said yes but they never brought it out.
Chicken wings: there were 5 wings and they were a lot smaller than I expected.
 It came out on a cute little cast iron skillet.
 The wings were good but I didn't like the sauce it came with.
I would return for the food but only if I have a lot of time because of their service.
 Parking in that area isn't difficult either so that's awesome.
It's really more of a 3.
5 stars since it was slightly  over average.
  We came here for appetizers on a Saturday night and it had a pretty good vibe.
  Great mix of people.
We started with the deviled eggs to wet our appetites.
  Creamy egg with a hint heat from the sriracha.
  Next was the Brussel sprouts which were roasted and blended well with the cider brown butter and almonds.
  We had them hold the pancetta since we were vegetarian.
  Last we had the fontina and spinach arancini which was on a bed of spicy tomato sauce.
  All very good.
I think we will go back and try it for dinner next time.
I've been here twice.
 The first time was lovely, but the second time (last night) was ruined by the female Africa American late 20s, maybe 30ish, bright pink lipstick server who seemed so annoyed by having to get us a couple of drinks.
 All simple questions were answered with a perplexing huffiness.
 I don't think we did anything to set her off, but it was like she hated us the minute we walked in, and there's no place for that in this business.
 Or this world really.
The bartenders were great, and though we had a table we just started going to them directly to avoid her odd wrath.
Another plus - gorgeous art!.
This place was great!.
Le bf, me, and one of our good couple friends stumbled in here after first getting some beers at The Trappist and some nomz at the Swan's Market.
 My bf was on the hunt for some oysters and he saw a sign advertising them here! Sold.
The sign advertised $1 oysters at happy hour which we missed (darnit!), but their normal price was $2.
75.
 My bf and his friend ended up splitting a plate of about 10 oysters with a few beers between them while I got a glass of champagne and split the bread pudding with le other gf.
The food was great! I'm not a huge fan of oysters in general but these were fresh and flavorful.
 The bread pudding wasn't the best I've ever had but was pretty good.
 Was kind of pricey but was also kind of a "scene" type place.
Overall, we really enjoyed posting up and having a few drinks here.
 I would definitely come back here and try more of the food! I think at happy hour (with happy hour prices), this would be a great spot I would actively seek out.
During my first year of working in Oakland, I would, on average, about once a week, take a lunchtime walk from our office at City Center to Jack London Square, usually approaching via Chinatown and Webster Street while returning via Old Town and Washington Street.
 In the latter area, I've been to Pacific Coast Brewing Company a couple of times, I've glanced at the used bookstore, and have made frequent passages through Swan's Market.
 Also noticed have been a handful of somewhat trendy-looking bars, just awaiting for me to make an appearance.
Finally, as it often happens, I wind up at a wonderful new location almost by accident.
 A couple of weeks ago we were supposed to meet at another bar about a half block away.
 For whatever reason, however, that location was not open when it said it would be.
 Its loss and The District's gain.
 Or, more precisely, our gain - we now have a reliable standby to go to after a day of putting up with the powers that be.
 Comfy seats at right angles with room for small plates to share, the environment is just made for socializing - public but not too loud; active but with the ability to move around freely.
 Plus the place has a good selection of brews, hard alcohol, and after work food - I recommend the shrimp pizza with chorizo, with a Raging Bitch to wash it down.
 Even though it's not technically on the menu, our waitress complied with my request of an irish coffee, by improvising with Jamesons, and of course, coffee.
So, a week later, one of the bigwigs at work decided that, for whoever wanted to take him up on the offer, we should do a pubcrawl through Old Oakland.
 It says volumes that this crawl began and ended at The District.
District never disappoints.
 The food and libations are strictly top quality and the staff are very friendly for the most part.
 The only thing on the menu that I've tried and felt "meh" about was the pesto mozzarella pizza.
 It was pretty bland.
I also had the chance to host my birthday festivities at District.
 Everyone in my party was treated promptly and the servers made sure my night was special.
 I didn't even have to reserve a couch, I just showed up early with part of my group.
 The space was a little small for my party (around 23 people) but we made it work and stayed out the way (or tried to).
I booked a table at Bellanico's this week, looking for a restaurant that offered great, authentic Italian food, a great environment and a baby friendly environment.
  They delivered!.
When we arrived they had a table for four adults and a high chair ready for us, a little offset from the rest of the dining room which was much appreciated.
  Right off the bat, our waiter was courteous, knowledgeable and professional.
  He was present when we needed him but not overbearing - just the right balance.
  Most importantly, he was patient with our group taking some time to reach decisions as he was with a 2-year old walking around the table non-stop.
Our food was outright excellent.
  Cooked to perfection, perfectly seasoned and immaculately presented.
  The menu presents a wide array of choices to satisfy wide arrays of preferences, which we needed for our group.
  There are many appetizers to choose from, of which many also cater well to being shared as a group.
  In main courses, there are several pasta and non-pastas to choose from, and they all look delicious!.
As a trained sommelier, I was happy to see that the diversity of the menu was reflected in the wine list.
  It's mostly Italian, and reflects all of the major wine producing areas - not a generic list of 15 different Chiantis.
  We chose the Aglianico del Vulture which was I was happy to find - I think it's the first time I've seen it at a restaurant in California.
  The list also has wines from France and Spain.
I've been looking for restaurant that has all of the above for sometime, and I am happy I found Bellanico's.
  We will be visiting many more times.
Just had a very awkward exchange with the lady behind the bar.
 I'm not sure if it's the way I look or was dressed but every question I had was returned with a confused look.
 Do you accept credit for gift certificates? I thought that was a valid question because some stores only allow debit or cash payment for gift cards.
 Can I use your phone to call my brother to make sure the gift certificate is addressed right? Another perplexed look.
 Then I was handed the receipt where there was a section for tip, I'll chalk this one up to how the system is set up but they may want to exclude a tip section for buying a gift card.
-I did call after and she was much nicer but still a weird encounter.
I live up the street and if I was more impressed with this place, I would go more.
 Yes, the food is really good.
 Portions are very small.
 If My girlfriend and I were to walk out of here with a drink and a full stomach, we wouldn't leave paying less than a $100 and that's probably without tip.
We've had good service here before and the food is tasty.
 Three stars for that.
 Minus two stars for the way I was treated this past time and the small portion size and no beer on tap (I get it, it's a wine place but have at least one beer, this is California).
Been several times.
 Always good.
 Looked at menu at competitor down the street.
 Big ass television for Warrior game.
 No thank you.
 That's what sports bars and living rooms are created to accommodate.
 Italian meals are about good food, conversations, and no cell phones.
 Went back to Bellancio-no reservation, but early for dinner.
 Seated promptly.
 Fried green olives - more addicting than crack.
 Had a Negroni and an Aperol spritz ( my wife) Great wine from Montalcatino.
 Best pork chop ever! Service was perfect.
Almost had a Tony Soprano moment.
 Why do you hipsters and no etiquette knowing men wear your stupid baseball hats indoors and in a dinner house? My wife kept one of you from a good stare-down and punch out from a former Marine having dinner on Memorial Day.
Restaurant Week Review!!!!.
Bellanico has a phenomenal menu, and they have really chosen a tasting menu that shows off the diversity of the dishes they offer.
 I *almost* came back for lunch today, but decided to try a different menu solely for the sake of variety.
 The space is very warm and inviting; it reminded us of being in a small cafe in Europe.
 The servers were really nice, and the owner spent time walking around and making sure everything was going o.
k.
 without being too obtrusive; he obviously cares a lot about his customers' experience.
The menu started out with two small appetizers, both practically bite-size.
 They were a nice start to the menu; they provided a small tasting and good flavor.
Next followed the "primi" course; we chose "tombo tuna" and "braised lamb belly.
" While probably the weakest course on the menu, the proteins in each of these dishes were still really good.
 We were not super happy with the chickpeas in the tuna dish or the red mustard in the lamb belly, but aside from those two items, both dishes were still strong.
The secondi dishes were very strong; we ordered the ono (turned out to be trout) and pork tenderloin.
 The pork tenderloin was the star dish of the night; I would *HIGHLY* recommend ordering it.
 The trout was also pretty good, although probably fishier than the ono would have been.
For desert, you will get a sampling of deserts (unless you are here for lunch, in case you will have to choose).
 The espresso panna cotta and hazelnut cakes were both really, really good; I would have a tough time choosing between them.
 The hazelnut cake came warm from the oven and with homemade ice cream: yum! The cheesecake had a very strong goat aftertaste.
Overall, we were very happy with our decision to try this great little cafe for restaurant week!.
This was my first visit to this cute neighborhood gem.
 I was quite impressed.
 Buzzy warm vibe on a Friday night.
 Smaller restaurant with indoor and outdoor seating (enclosed patio with heaters).
The menu was impressive because it was very unique.
 Not your typical Italian eatery.
 A lot to explore.
 They also offer the option of a fix prix menu or a la cart.
 We opted for a la cart.
We began with the tuna crudo with watermelon radish and grapefruit.
 To accompany this appetizer we got the warm farro with hen of the woods mushrooms, cranberries, and walnuts.
 A fantastic pairing to share with the tuna crudo!.
Next, we shared the pasta with tomatoe sauce and hot peppers.
 A super cool feature that they offer is the option to order dishes as appetizer or entree size! I love this because it gives you a lot of freedom.
 You can order a bunch of dishes and share them rather than just having one entree.
 Fun!.
Then there is the wine list.
 Again, I was impressed.
 Wines offered from many regions.
 We explored some cool Italian whites and reds.
 And once again, they allow you to order half or full glasses.
 And they have a full menu of wine tasting flights.
 Fun, fun, fun!.
Our server was fantastic.
 Fun guy, originally from Mexico, who clearly loves what he does.
 Passionate.
 Attentive.
 Knowledgeable.
 And just fun to talk to.
We ended our meal with the most delicious goat cheese cheescake.
 That was a first.
and boy was it amazing.
 Covered with pistachio toffee crumbles and paired with strawberries.
 I would go back just to order that again.
We will return.
 Bravo.
Finally.
  OMG finally.
  An Italian restaurant I can finally love coming too.
  It's been a long, hard battle to even find a decent meal in the Bay Area, and I found my gem in the most boring part of this area.
  Who would have guessed.
Everything, from start to finish, was stellar.
  Just complex enough to make you feel special, and simple enough where it felt casual.
  Perfect!  The $40 fix price menu is a steal.
  We did that with an additional app, and a main, and the portions were right on.
  The chocolate pot de creme desert.
whoa.
it's like a lava cake.
on par with Angelines chocolate pot de creme and Chez Mama's choco lava cake.
I will be back here again, and again.
  It's simply stellar Italian.
  Yes it's not a hip part of town, yes there are all old people in here, if you drove by you'd think some local dump restaurant that people go to because it's convenient.
  You'd be wrong.
Only miss:  I went to brunch before, and was not impressed.
  At all.
  I was skeptical when the gf said this is her fave place.
  But after dinner, I took back my insults from the brunch.
Three stars because this neighborhood needs one remaining place you can get a decent glass of wine in a cute setting.
  The food is challenging.
  Perhaps if you stick to apps and drinks you'll be alright, but the mains, in my experience, vary from over salted to mushy, to flavorless.
 Good luck.
I have no idea how Bellanico received it's 4 stars.
 I was deceived.
To summarize: great service, cute spot, feels over-crowded, food is not good and I will never come back.
What we ordered:.
Duck Pate - literally slabs of pate on toast.
 Presentation was terrible and the pate taste off.
Pork belly- not what I expected.
 It came on a skewer of chewy pork belly and fingerling potatoes and I liked the potatoes more.
Ribeye - OK steak but nothing special.
 Temperature was correct and came with bone marrow.
Being the snazzy little Yelper I am, I snagged a 6 pm reservation on the last day of Restaurant Week (truth: Mr.
 P knew exactly what would brighten my day and stumbled across an abandoned reservation on Open Table).
 This area can be a little limited in parking, so give yourself some extra time.
Romantic lighting, enclosed patio seating, new silverware between each course.
 this is a very nice date night with all the lovely details without being pretentious.
 Very attentive and kind staff who put up with all my batty questions and gave me great suggestions.
 (For whatever reason I have the hardest time figuring out what is on Italian menus unless it's crystal clear.
 Agnolotti, tortelli, sformato.
 err.
).
I could slowly talk you through bite by bite, but I'm going to just get to the point.
 The bacala was my absolute favorite, and I could probably eat the dark and white panna cotta every day for the rest of my life.
 I think whatever you order here will be a delightful culinary experience.
 Also it doesn't hurt coming here during restaurant week when you can indulge for just $30 per person.
 Such a steal!.
What a wonderful neighborhood restaurant! Bellanico is a local gem that has stellar service to match their scrumptious menu.
We came here on a lazy Sunday with our two young kids.
 They were offering their Oakland Restaurant week brunch menu for $24, to which you can add wine pairing for $10.
Here's what we tried:.
Burrata with roasted baby beets -- they make their own burrata, which works really well with the Grillo white paired with it.
Braised and seared pork belly -- loved the crispy skin and tender meat, specially with the "Merlau" red.
Poached eggs and prosciutto on country bread -- liked this version of Eggs Benedict, paired with a Bordeaux blanc.
Butternut squash and goat cheese frittata -- fluffy and creamy, yet quite filling.
 Paired well with a Loire white blend.
Dark and white chocolate panna cotta -- rich and creamy.
Florentine doughnuts - our kids loved this with the sage custard sauce and chocolate dip.
 Only problem was that there were only 5 small pieces for $8.
Goat cheese cheesecake with pistachio brittle -- my fave dessert, love the savory cheese with the crunchy brittle.
Our brunch also came with complimentary muffins.
 My kids loved these and our server was gracious enough to provide us with another helping! Overall, we highly recommend Bellanico and look forward to coming back!.
Parking: It was a little tough and hard to find street parking.
 Luckily on Sunday we found a few spots and parking was free.
 With my handicapped brother it was also hard to find any parking near the hotel for easier access.
 There were a few loading zone spots out front (handicapped can park there for as long as needed!) So if you have anyone that needs to be closer, that could work.
Wow! So glad I chose this place for my birthday brunch.
 I was able to make reservations a week in advance for a party of 7.
 We got an excellent view of the lake and I really enjoyed the glass windows and interiors.
 They had live jazz music playing as well! Impressive! Their Irish coffee is strong! Be forewarned!!! I needed a nap after.
 I enjoyed the food as well, splitting a classic mushroom omelette and biscuits and gravy with my boyfriend.
 They were able to do a side pancake for me which was nice since that was unlisted on the menu.
 I also tried a bit of the Jack London omelette, which had delicious chunks of crab in it.
All in all its a great place to bring your family and they take reservations.
 Good views, good food and good service.
 Perfect for special occasions or if you want a nice fancier atmosphere for brunch.
We reserved a table for 4 people here on Saturday via opentable.
 However, when we arrived it was clear they didn't want us there.
 Even though we had a reservation, they didn't even ask our names.
 Instead the hostess rudely quipped 'if you want to sit down you'll have to order within 2 minutes, we have an event today.
' We tried to explain we had a reservation and by now a few team members had come over but only to give us a similarly rude message 'if your party isn't here very soon, they can't order'.
 We quickly left.
This could all have been avoided by simply not accepting a reservation that you can't service, and when it happens - be nice about it.
Coming to celebrate a graduation, we came to The Terrace Room for brunch as a big group on a Saturday.
 With the exception of the view, I'd say the place is pretty average.
Part I: The Untrained Waitress.
Although the waitress was nice, she had no clue about the menu, how to properly pour a champagne and the fact that water should be refilled for clients.
 Not only did she overpour the champagne glass, but managed to hold the bottle as if she is pouring vodka after a day at a Russian sauna (holding it with a grasp at the neck).
 Didn't leave the cork on the table either.
 Anyways, she didn't even know that Mumm sparkling wine was on the menu and I had to point her directly to it.
 I mean, it's a brunch restaurant, there are 3 sparkling wines on the menu, does one really need a curriculum to learn them? Unacceptable.
Part II: The Standard Menu.
Moving on, the menu is pretty average and the food was good.
 It wasn't anything to make me brag about this spot to a friend, but it was good.
 I had the Crab eggs Benedict and it was fine.
 Another person at our table had the chorizo omelet and had similar impressions.
Part III: The Shining.
Yes, there is an area where they shine and I am confident they already know it.
 The view from the table is killer, overlooking the lake, it just adds a relaxing feel to the whole establishment.
 Good spot for family pictures.
Conclusion:.
Would I come back? Perhaps, if I ran out of other options to try, but it's an average restaurant with an above average view.
 Had the waitress been better versed in the service industry, I would have given 4 stars for the view and food.
We were here last night again for the Y's yearly Annual Campaign Victory dinner and I was looking forward to the beautiful view, spending time with friends and having a wonderful meal.
  I can say that I had all three but there were some rude glitches along the way.
  Dinner wasn't served until around 6:45 or 7 so we had a chance to have something to drink at the bar and chat with our friends.
I used my yelp check-in and noticed that I could get $3 off any happy hour food or drinks so I showed the bartender my yelp check-in.
  She indicated that if I was part of the Y event, that I could not use my happy hour check-in; however, I was paying for my alcoholic drink and it was not part of the banquet we were attending as other patrons were in the bar.
  That didn't seem fair to me.
  However, I was able to get my discount for my drink.
  Then later during the dinner, one of my friends at our table, asked for some ketchup and the waiter rudely indicated that ketchup was not part of the banquet menu, what????.
Then when the delicious dessert was being served, the waiter was asking us who wanted coffee, another friend asked for his cup to be filled but he only had his cup filled 1/4?  I asked the same waiter for some coffee and mine was full.
  This is the same waiter who refused to give another friend at our table ketchup.
I didn't know the wait staff was so rude.
  I have never had a bad experience with the wait staff here at The Terrace Room.
Going here transports me back to a by-gone era.
 It's so easy sitting in this place to imagine how it was in the 20s.
 It's especially nice when the sun is out and you get that nice view of the lake.
 They have live music a lot, which obviously aligns with that historical period.
 All this adds up to a really unique, fun and relaxing ambiance.
They have pretty awesome drink specials when the do have happy hour.
 If you ask me, they need to extend their happy hours a bit, as the place is never mobbed or anything.
 It probably won't ever be a very trendy place as it IS inside a retirement home ;-) It's actually pretty neat on swing nights seeing the 20 somethings who are into swing cause it's cool again mix with the folks that dug it when it was cool originally.
Although this place shares a building with a senior living center, it doesn't smell like old people.
 Lol! They have a lounge area before entering the restaurant part with a piano which was dope.
 Esp since there was someone there playing.
The view of the lake is really what you're paying for here.
 Our waitress, Brittany, was very professional and friendly.
 She was upbeat and prompt with anything we needed.
 Loved how our champagne was never empty for too long.
 $17 for bottomless mimosas and bloody marys.
 The + about this place is you can switch off between the two.
 And they had a bloody mary bar for you to have fun with.
The food was a little disappointing.
 The brunch menu was a bit limited and the quality of the food was below what it's worth.
 However, they had a cute basket of mini muffins that were tasty and moist which was different from other brunch places.
All in all it was good to try this place out.
 I wouldn't mind coming here again but it would be for the view.
 While the food wasn't horrible, there's nothing exciting about it either.
- Overpriced food that wasn't prepared well and hardly met an "ok" standard.
- Bad service and waiting time.
- No parking.
- Possible food poising/horrible gas.
This was a second dinner option selection due to a nearby restaurant that was closed for a private party.
 Unfortunately we made the wrong choice and ate here.
Yes it has an amazing view of Lake Merritt, but other than that this place doesn't have anything going to for them.
The menu is small, I ordered the soup of the day which was mushroom creme, it was just okay.
 Nothing special and was somewhat separated.
 For an entree I ordered roasted chicken that came with some kind of rice and scallions ($25) with a side of there potatoes ($6).
 When the dish came it looked awful to begin with and was swimming in a pool of oil.
 The roasted chicken was a pale skin color all over and had a lot of gristle.
 Not to mention is was two dark meat pieces (legs) the cheapest part of chicken meat.
 The potatoes where whole but needed some sort of sauce that was absent.
 The grains on the dish had a nice flavor but the greens and chicken were so overpowered by oil that it was difficult to enjoy any of this dish at all.
The servers were friendly but it was unclear who our actual server was and we seemed to be seen mostly by the host who was busy seating.
 It was not until the end of our meal that anyone checked in about how the experience was or if we need refills on drinks or water.
Now, about an hour later our group has all ended up in the bathroom and.
 How do I say this nicely.
 But our stomachs are in a lot of pain and it's a good thing we like each other because there's some serious gas and bathroom time happening.
This is the place for a girl's brunch.
 First of all the lighting is amazing so all those selfies you're pretending you're not planning on taking will look INCREDIBLE.
 The brunch options are diverse and doesn't have to kill your budget.
 The food is a bit hit or miss, though.
 My first time here I got the breakfast bagel sandwich and it was utter bliss, and everyone in my group (we were a party of 9) were served speedily and everyone was happy.
 The next time I came, almost every person had a problem with their order (the wrong sides were brought out, goat cheese was missing from a goat cheese omelet).
 I'll be back again because this is a lovely place on lovely Lake Merritt, and I'll update this review to see if that day was a fluke or if it's a consistent thing.
Regards, I'll be back because the service is great and the view is honestly worth it alone.
As I predicted in my initial review, we didn't rush back here.
  We returned for dinner and music tonight w/ Nina and Larry.
  We found parking a few blocks away and arrived in time for our 6:30 reservations.
  It was still light out and we had a lovely view of the lake.
  One of the things that encouraged our return, beside the music, was knowing that Louis Le Gassic, formerly chef at Bay Wolf, had been appointed as their new Executive Chef.
  We were excited to try the food.
  The group, Juke Joint, started performing at 7:00 on the bandstand I had observed the last time we were there for brunch.
We were brought menus and a plate of sliced bread w/ a ramekin of soft butter.
  Nina, Larry and I all decided to have glasses of Malbec while Alan opted for a glass of Downtown Brown, which Larry shared.
  I ordered a cup of turnip and apple soup w/ a float of truffle oil on top.
  Alan, Nina and I ordered rack of lamb, which came w/ white beans and garlic green beans and Larry ordered salmon.
  Alan and I ordered a side of honey braised carrots.
  The soup was smooth and tasty.
  The lamb was cooked medium rare and was topped w/ a tasty salsa verde, which was almost like chimichurri.
  Very nice.
  The carrots were good, as were the white and green beans.
  The wine was tasty.
  For dessert Nina and I shared an Irish coffee crème brulée, which was tasty.
  Alan had a fresh fruit plate.
  He and Larry had coffee.
  Service was smooth and just attentive enough.
The music was marvelous.
  Several couples got up to dance, which was fun to watch.
  One in particular was sensational.
  We really enjoyed it and would have stayed even longer than we did, but the band took a break and Larry was ready to go so we left.
  According to the Terrace Room website they have live music Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights and Sundays at 11:00 for brunch.
  They have quite an impressive lineup of folks scheduled to play and I can see us returning to hear more music w/ another enjoyable meal.
Super delicious! My friend lives across the street and neither one of us had been here.
 I had just finished the Nike Women's Half in SF so I rightfully needed to consume all the calories.
We lucked out and scored a table immediately by the window.
 Score.
 I love a view.
I fueled up with a cup of coffee ($4 - minus a star because I cannot understand why a cup of coffee is $4) and a water.
 My friend ordered two eyes, with wheat toast, and mini waffles.
 I had the Jack London omelet (crab, arugula, hollandaise, and I had egg whites) with wheat toast, and home fries.
 Mouth.
 Watering.
 I loved the little fruit garnish and was close to licking the plate before Jack came to take it away.
Jack was my server.
 Nice, hipster looking fellow who was attentive, funny, and prompt.
So four stars! I'll be back with for sure.
just won't be getting $4 coffee.
Terribly rude, we walked in with a reservation.
 As soon as we walked in we were rudely asked to wait with no explanation, the hostess didnt even ask our name or if we had a reservation.
When we explained our reservation, she chirped back that we'd have two minutes to order.
Then the chef and another hostess came out to add to their rudeness and certainly NOT make us feel welcome.
 We turned around and walked out.
 Never coming again.
So I don't normally write yelp reviews, but I had a uniquely awful experience at the Terrace Room last night (Wednesday 4/20).
 I'll start from the beginning:.
I was walking around Lake Merritt around 6pm and heard some amazing live music coming from this gorgeous glass room across the street.
 Naturally, I had to check it out.
 I find myself in the Terrace Room, which is incredibly beautiful.
 I decide to sit at the bar because I was not in the mood for a formal dinner.
 It was pretty busy but the bartender got to me in record time and whipped up a mean Old Fashioned (the classic old fashioned way with a sugar cube and muddler) and convinced me to order the nachos.
 If this review was about the nachos alone, they'd be getting 5 stars.
 I wish I'd had the foresight to snap a pic to post because they were a work of art.
 The brisket was so tender and the cheese was definitely drool-inducing.
 So let's just say I was in heaven.
Then, this tiny rude server starts complaining to her that she opened a bottle of wine for him that she shouldn't have.
 (I really was not trying to pay attention but he was making a spectacle).
 She immediately apologized, and gave him an unopened bottle and got back to making drinks for the large group of women at the bar.
 Then, for whatever reason, he continued to harp on and on about the opened bottle of wine, which was very rude and unprofessional.
 I was just trying to watch the bands on stage, but instead was so rudely distracted by this one-man show.
 I don't know how the bartender kept her cool, I woulda lost it.
 I also happened to make awkward eye contact with several other people sitting at the bar, sharing looks of discomfort/annoyance with the server's display, so I know I'm not just unusually observant.
Thought he was done but oh no he comes back barking his orders at her.
 What really got me was that when she'd rush to make the drinks, they'd then sit there for at least TEN minutes getting diluted/warm/shitty.
 Honestly, I felt really bad for that woman.
 just another example of men feeling the need to verbally abuse and dominate a young and talented girl.
 I made it known to her that I respected and admired her hard work, and she just smiled and shrugged, as if it was no big deal.
All in all I came to enjoy the music and food/drinks, but this tiny little man just kept ruining the ambience and experience.
 It is beyond me how a manager and restaurant allows for such inappropriate behavior, let alone allow it to disrupt the experience of a patron.
 The drinks were great and the music wonderful, but it pains me too much to see that behavior, so I will not be coming back.
Bottomless bloody Mary's and/or mimosas, what could be better?.
Started off with a bloody Mary and told the waitress I would be switching to mimosas afterwards.
 She forgot, no big so I had two bloody Mary's and then switched.
I was going to get the chicken and waffles, but the waitress informed me that it was two wings and not breast as I had hoped so instead got the two egg breakfast with bacon and sausage.
 They didn't skimp on the meat which was awesome and the English muffin was nicely toasted.
They started us off with mini muffins and fresh jam that were a very nice touch.
We sat by the window which provides an amazing view of the lake, overall great experience.
Located in the same building in, or at least next door to, a senior living facility, the Terrace Room offers a gorgeous view of Lake Merritt from the west, which means that most of the time you won't be blinded by the sun like you would from the other side of the lake.
The food offerings include all the usual dishes you'd expect of a mainstream Californian restaurant, with the dishes sticking more towards the familiar instead of the inventive.
 Moreover, given the generally average quality of the dishes, the prices seem just a bit steep.
Overall, the atmosphere here is rather quiet and sedate.
 Adding to this is the fact that, lake view aside, the place feels like a country cottage.
 Your best bet would probably be brunch, when you can enjoy a sunny view of the lake, and when other folks dining at the restaurant are also in sunny dispositions.
They have TRIVIA every other monday night at 7:30!!! It's really fun.
 The hosts are cool, the food is good, the drinks are fun (but kind of expensive).
 The parking is easy then because its late on a monday.
 I parked right against the lake, literally in front of the building.
 If you're looking for a place in Oakland to play trivia - you've found it.
 The questions range from anything about pop culture, history, oakland themed, etc.
 It's hard, but not too hard.
 6 people to a team.
 The prizes are gift certificates to the Terrace room.
 I had a blast when I went with my friends.
 I'll definitely be going back!.
Note: The entrace to the terrace room is through the hotel entrance.
 ((I had trouble finding it the first time I went there)).
Ok, first of all, one of the bartenders are not very nice.
 Service is slow, and I'm not sure if it was the colour of my skin, or just lack of skill, but I didn't feel very welcomed.
 The girl, Molly was nice, and I appreciated her interaction.
 Also, it literally took 40 minutes on a not so busy night to get a grilled cheese sandwich (which I had tipped before getting it).
 I was so offended and turned off of my interaction, and the way the bar tender treated my fiend and I, I did not eat my food.
I also love how the bartender commented "you know no body cares" while I wrote this review, and yes this comment was directed at me.
 HE WAS SO RUDE ! Won't recommend a place that doesn't care about their customers, just saying!.
very nice bartender.
 not the most crowded on a friday night but it was kind of nice not having to shove your way through everywhere.
 seems like more of a started bar?.
someone said that they have amazing whiskey sours in their review.
 i was excited but disappointed that they served their whiskey sours in the -not with egg white- fashion.
 nevertheless, it was still well made.
 but again, just thought the drinks were reasonably priced and jsut good.
Meet my favorite cocktail bar in Oakland! I last ended up here after being booted out of Fauna.
 Oh, Fauna, when will you do something about your absurdly early last call times? We decided to head down the street and continue the festivities for my birthday.
After getting a nice happy birthday wish from the doorman, we headed inside to grab some drinks.
 The cocktails here were, as usual, amazingly tasty and reasonably priced ($9 - $12).
 If memory serves me correct, I stuck with my favorites: Bee's Knees and Stones Throw.
 Hooray for ginger beer! And, hooray for cool bartenders too!.
It was just after midnight on a Wednesday night, so the place wasn't too crowded.
 Our group was able to secure a table, relax, and enjoy the rest of the night.
Tip: This place is conveniently located nearby the 19th St Oakland BART station.
Bonus Birthday Tip: There's a food stand about a block away with bacon-wrapped hot dogs! As if that wasn't enough, the woman running the stand is absolutely hilarious!.
Dogwood is a solid bar in a happening stretch of town, right near the Fox Theatre where Telegraph branches off Broadway towards the north.
 There's a good variety of tasty cocktails to choose from, and the bartenders are knowledgeable and and friendly enough to make anything you want.
 What's more, there's a decent menu of munchies, like the totally delicious cubanito sandwich I tried.
 While the interior might feel a bit dark as you walk in, you'll adjust quickly to the cozy yet retro-sleek ambience.
Also, you have to give the owners credit for sticking it out here over the years.
 Dogwood is located on such a busy street corner that drunk drivers have crashed into it twice, while rioters have also smashed the windows twice.
 Nevertheless, the area is on the way up and  the owners have bounced back each time.
 Judging by the healthy crowds this place gets, it looks like the community has embraced Dogwood as well.
Came here before a show at the Fox Theater to grab a few drinks.
The bees knees was sweet and yummy.
 It's dangerous because it really doesn't taste like alcohol at all.
 The 2nd cocktail I had (and the name I completely forgot) was described by the bartender as an adult version of an orange julius, and she was spot on.
 It was refreshing and the egg whites made it super rich and frothy.
 I tried a sip of what the bf drank (stones throw and farmer's daughter) and they were all good!.
Of course, we had to try the grilled cheese.
 And the reviews aren't kidding when they say it's BOMB DOT COM.
 Perfect to munch on with your drinks!! Buttery, cheesy goodness.
It wasn't busy when we went so we were able to find seats and service was quick and friendly.
I'll be back!.
$5 for a delicious, buttery, perfectly pressed grilled cheese.
 The option to add sundried tomato, basil, and mushrooms.
 Little cornichons on the side.
 Mustard (the good stuff, mind you, none of that French's yellow) provided without asking.
 Dogwood literally served me my dream sandwich on a plate.
 If that isn't culinary inception, I don't know what is.
As for cocktails, they are creative, tasty, and strong.
 I love the Brooklyn, and the Bees Knees is, well, the BEES KNEES.
 It's true you may have to wait - Dogwood can be packed late at night, and usually have just one bartender during happy hours/early evening.
 I hate waiting, but if I had to wait, there's nowhere I'd rather hang around than a converted apothecary/pharmacy where the smell of grilled cheese permeates every corner.
I think the bar is ok.
  I've been here many times so obviously it is good enough to come back to.
  The reason for the two stars is that I've just experienced way better.
  When I think about Dogwood, I think about a place that is just like any 'ol Mission hipster bar in the City but trying to not be that way because it is very "Oakland and proud" but, nonetheless, is just like a Mission hipster bar in the city.
  The well drinks are watered down but the cocktails are good (and overpriced, just like any Mission hipster bar).
 Except therein lies the problem, this is Oakland, not the City, so the bar would be better just being Oakland.
I have found the bartenders to range from being very friendly to ratchet.
 who would have thought?  Also, any bartender that doesn't know what is in a Cape Cod should not be working as a bartender (IMHO).
I'm a fan of the grilled cheese and cheese/meat plates which I do like and appreciate.
  I'm sure I'll be back to this bar at some point but this isn't really a place I care to go to on the regular.
This place is ok if you don't mind paying those "new Oakland" prices and rub shoulders with the sf crowd, ooops, I mean new Oakland crowd that has taken over Downtown Oakland.
Service used to be pretty good but is now pretty bad, don't think I'll be returning anytime soon.
Drinks were decent, a little slow on service.
  A bit pricey.
Would have given a better review if they had not doubled the tip i originally gave them.
  Be careful with using your credit card here.
Had a nice, low-key evening at Dogwood on a Monday night!.
I came out to Oakland from SF to meet a friend, and loved that this place was a block away from the 19th St Oakland BART station.
I ordered a grilled cheese with tomato and basil, and it was absolutely delicious!  I also enjoyed my ginger beer cocktail, as well as a glass of wine.
The service was very friendly, though we did have to go up to the bar to place our orders.
The place wasn't too loud or busy on a Monday night, which made it a great atmosphere for catching up with an old friend.
The prices are reasonable too!.
I have visited this place many times, but I can't find myself to give a review.
 I feel the place is too pretentious, pricy, and unfriendly bartender.
 The only redeeming quality of the place is the grilled cheese.
 Not to mention very cramp.
I have since changed my mind.
 I like the expansion and the food window.
 More room, feel more friendly, and It feel more accepting.
 Though, I was a bit tipsy because it was birthday.
 I may have to check back again to give another try.
What I had: the bees knees, various grilled cheese sandwiches, pickled veggies.
Visit date: January 13, 2015.
First time? Yes.
Twas a fun evening at Dogwood.
 I had the bees knees - it was a decent drink, sweet and sour.
 What really stood out were the snacks! We had two kinds of grilled cheese.
 One had tomato jam and the other had tomato and basil.
 Both were excellent.
 The bread had a crisp outside and soft inside.
 The cheese was gooey and warm.
 I have a special place in my tummy for tomato jam and Dogwood's was an A+.
 The dijon dipping sauce added a nice touch, too.
 So did the pickles.
There are plenty of seats around and open space to stand around or dance.
 Order your food at the bar and they'll bring it out to you.
Another venue that endearingly screams "Oakland.
" This a long, narrow joint that somehow manages to pack in lots of people at the bar and in seated areas along the wall, all while featuring a dance stage in the back.
 The setting feels old-school, almost Art Deco-ish.
The crowd is casual, friendly, and unpretentious, as is to be expected of Oakland, and there's a large menu of yummy cocktails.
 Despite the fact that it can get busy on weekends, waits at the bar are never too long, and you can fit yourself in, whether with groups large or small.
've been to Three Fifty-Five twice in the last few years, and I enjoyed both visits.
The bar is a narrow space off of 19th Street.
 There's a proper bar, followed by some tables and a dance floor in back.
The drink menu is good - and cheap! My wife and I both enjoyed two cocktails each on our most recent visit, and the price tag was around $8 or $9.
Service was friendly and efficient, which is welcome given that crowds start streaming in after nine.
I'd be back if I were looking for a more intimate bar in downtown Oakland (until it gets a little rowdier in the later hours).
You know, considering how Bar Three Fifty Five wasn't even our intended destination, I'd say our experience here was a pleasant surprise.
  Not that I ever thought the place would be bad.
  Not when, moments after checking in on Yelp, fellow Yelper Vi T.
 commented, "good choice".
  Talk about a stamp of approval!.
People have described the place as a nicer type of dive, and I guess I can kind of see that.
  However, I'd say it's more like an old school bar (think Tosca Cafe in SF), what with its aged charm and decor (yelp.
com/biz_photos/bar-…).
  There's still a bit of an Oakland vibe in the air though, and the small stage in back makes them pretty different in comparison, but that bar!  Love the look of it, as well as their slate of alcohol that fills their shelves and drinks.
The cocktail menu is short and sweet (yelp.
com/biz_photos/bar-…), and not very expensive at $8 a pop (no wonder they're so beloved!).
  Everything sounded great, but, on my friend's recommendation, I opted for the STARDUST REMEDY (Pimm's, Calvados, Ginger, Lime, and Falernum).
  The name may sound child friendly, but this cocktail is definitely mature.
  Balanced flavors with a decent pour, refreshing with some bite, and well-crafted by a bartender/mixologist that knows her stuff (yelp.
com/biz_photos/bar-…).
Since we arrived relatively early, snagging a table for the six of us was relatively easy, as was parking around the corner.
  However, don't be surprised if the place gets packed to the gills as the night goes on.
  As we were leaving, a steady stream of folks were filing in (it's just two blocks over from The Fox Theater).
  Either way, Bar Three Fifty Five is worth a visit.
and one of my new favorite bars in Oakland!.
Great cocktails.
 Dark and intimate venue.
good for a date spot if you're into it.
 The crowd is hit or miss.
 Younger professional crowd around happy hour, older 30s to 40s crowd later in the night.
OMGGGGG the red hair bartender is the rudest person ever I have never been treated like THATTT!!!!!!!she was the RUDEST person ever!!!!!! I just asked for a tequila drink and just repplied with if u want I can make u a paloma as only option efortless cuz was 1 am.
 I agreed she came with a poorly made "paloma" my peers tryed and said tasfted rotted as I thpughtttttt cuz was goss.
 Gave it back telling her something was wrong I wanted a last word and OMG she started saying bad words and throw it in my face complaining.
 Came back with a poorly made, of course.
 "Last word" OMG WiTH ICE IN THE DRINKKKKKKKKK when this drink was served UP!!#!#!!!!! I work in the industry and I WOULDVE FIRED HER ASS IN THE SPOT.
 Im a current customer and your are going to see my face often and return drinks if they are bad.
 I dont know how you can call youself bartender.
 Its not about knowledge or skills (missing on you, higly noticeable) you also need peolpe skills.
My food was burned and waaaaaay too over priced for what it is, sorry I hate to leave bad comments, but this is the third time in a row I have terrible.
food.
I'm very surprised that I have not written a review for 355.
 I was here last night and it had been, possibly, a year and a half since I was last here.
 Had a written a review of this, I probably would have given this place three stars.
The reason being, I never really cared too much for this place.
 Every time I would come here in the past, it was because other people wanted to go here.
 I just always thought they were trying WAY too hard with their cocktails and never wanted to come in here on my own accord.
Yesterday, the lovely Lorrayne suggested meeting here for drinks.
 I was for it and since it had been so long since I was last here, I decided to give it another chance.
 To my surprise, the menu changed.
 It actually made sense and didn't give me a headache trying to look through it.
 I tried their 19th Street Manhattan.
 It was good.
 After that, I had to try their Gin & Housemade Tonic.
 I love gin and I love gin & tonics.
 Theirs was so good, I had three of them.
 Lorrayne ordered a Dark & Stormy, which is also another one of my favorite drinks.
 She let me have a taste.
 It was very delicious.
 It seems like they top theirs off with egg white and Lorrayne also informed me that they also make their ginger beer in house.
So I must give thanks to Lorrayne for actually making me interested in Bar 355.
 I'll be back here, even if it's on my own.
There are definitely hipsters here but not the annoying ones that think listening to their grandparents songs on a gramophone is cool.
This place is the definition of great vibes! I love this place!.
Make Westing brings out a diverse and social crowd.
 The music is low but still vibrant, which creates a great setting to mingle without screaming.
 Feel free to get into an intense and fun game of bocce ball! Even standing around and watching is entertaining.
 My friends and I meet and network with many amazing people all the time! Everyone is very friendly and outgoing.
Our go to drink is the FRENCH MUSE, a must have! It looks all cute and innocent, but it is slightly dangerous! 1 will have you in a chillin' mood, 2 tipsyyy, and 3 LIT!! You will feel like you have been drinking all night, which is pretty much drink goals! My limit is usually 3, I don't dare go past! I always have a great time here! Each element of Make Westing creates the perfect ambiance!.
This is definitely the spot to go for after work drinks, pre-games, or weekend hangouts! One of my favorite places in Oakland by far!.
Hipster bar alert.
Not that that's necessarily a bad thing.
 For the most part, it has a comfortable, inviting environment.
 The indoor bocce ball courts are a nice touch, but be prepared to wait a while until one opens up.
 By the same token, don't take too long when you get a court!.
I took off a star because an employee was super rude to me for no particular reason.
 He was clearing glasses from the bocce court area and was walking back toward the bar.
 I was inadvertently blocking his pathway, but instead of asking me politely to step to the side, he said in a sarcastic, annoyed tone, "It would help if you moved.
" Typically, that's not how you would want to treat your customers, but hey, they didn't ask me.
Been here a few times for drinks with friends.
 Cool hipster place in downtown Oakland, slow on Mondays and usually very busy Thursday-Saturday.
They make really good gimlets and mojitos.
 The bartenders are friendly.
 They have appetizers as well but I cannot rate them on that since I just go there for drinks, however the habanero popcorn looked really yummy the last time I was there.
Very chill place to mingle with the locals in the area, definitely a place you can wear tennis shoes or heels.
 Recommend this place to anyone looking to go to watch the games or hang out with friends.
Braised oxtail sando!!!!!.
I was able to sample there Braised oxtail sandwich and let me say I will be back for more, not oily, not fatty, near perfection on a toasted bun.
 The sandwich on a whole was a tad small, especially if you are sharing, but the meat was tender and flavorful, not to salty, more or less all around perfect on meat to bun proportion.
I also sampled the bone marrow dish, no skimming on this dish, full heavy amount of bone marrow on the bone, like most places that offer this dish you are scraping the bone to get every last bit, here the marrow was heavy, oily, thick consistency, throw it on some toasted bread that is offered and it is delicious, you can dip the bread in the sauce found underneath the bone, ohh man sooo good,.
I do recommend this place for the food, I did sample few beers, I would stay for there food that they offer.
food **** oxtail sandwich is a plus, bone marrow also a plus.
service **** no wait, walked up to the bar and ordered, received the food in 5 min.
price $$.
ambiance **** large venue, bochi ball not regulated size but folks compete here, allot of room to stretch your legs, better to go on a week night to avoid several crowds during the friday and saturday crowds.
I will be back for more oxtail and bone marrow.
Love Make Westing.
 Located in what is now Uptown Oakland.
 Make Westing is serving up quality hand crafted cocktails from some of the most friendly bartenders.
 What I enjoy most at Make Westing is the cheese selection.
 Cow , Sheep or goat.
 I always go for the cow and each time I fall in love.
 Make Westing is serving Brie at its peak temp and they got it right.
Outdoor seating with views of the hustle and bustle of the city.
 Old school tavern feel inside.
 Indoor Bocce.
 clean restrooms and comfortable seating.
 Make Westing is definitely key for Oakland Nightlife.
I've had each of their house cocoktails and they are amazing.
I've visited this bar twice and both times I felt extremely uncomfortable and out of place.
After finding a seat at the bar, I was ignored by all three bartenders for atleast 15 minutes.
 Eventually, I enthusiastically waved one of the bartenders down to get his attention.
 When he finally acknowledged me, he seemed annoyed or bothered that I wanted to BUY a drink.
This bar seems to cater to a very specific crowd, which baffles me in the ever so diverse Bay Area of CA.
I never understand how customer service can be so bad and/or exclusive especially when they don't realize that they are offending patrons that are spending their money in these establishments.
I likely will never return to this place as long as it is the Make Westing.
Interesting!.
This place has a special place in my heart.
 It is where I first met my husband and where he later proposed.
I still haven't been able to persuade anyone to play bocce ball with me.
 :(.
Here are the perks.
 If you're usually a designated driver this place is still a lot of fun.
 There is bocce and spicy popcorn to be had.
  There are friendly bartenders who don't stank face you for not consuming alcohol.
 They are bright enough to realize they can sell or give you something non alcoholic and that they can sell even more drinks to your pals who are imbibing.
  They know the score!!! :).
After the office Christmas party I and a small handful of my coworkers still wanted to be out and about, so we made our way from The Lake Chalet over to Make Westing.
 We somehow managed to grab a table with seats for all five of us in the incredibly packed place, and after perusing the menu of house cocktails I decided on a Garden Gimlet (gin, cucumber, basil, and lime).
I'm not a big drinker and have always had a hard time finding cocktails I like, but the Garden Gimlet was really refreshing and light.
 Definitely recommend.
The bocce court was in full swing, the music was really good, and everyone seemed in good spirits.
 It was loud but we could still have a conversation, and in general the atmosphere was really positive.
 This is a cool place whether you're coming as a group or a couple, and I'd definitely like to come here again.
This is one of the least approachable bars on Telegraph.
 I've eaten the food here, and ended up bloody from bones which were not removed from the meat.
 I've also enjoyed myself here many times after work in previous years when it was comfortable, it's when they bring in the bouncers on weekend nights that you are asking to be treated poorly.
 I would AVOID this bar until they hire more appropriate staff.
 I would always love to support local business, but this place is not safe.
You'll notice the reviews are dropping on this place because its going down hill fast.
 I would give it zero stars if I could after my recent visit.
You never know who you'll see at this bar!.
A group of friends met up here before the Allen Stone concert at The Fox Theatre, and low and behold, the man himself is hanging out at the bar with friends.
 Super cool.
It's a typical laid back, casual, hipster bar.
 Good prices, lots of space, and and nice bartenders.
 I'd come back here before a show next time, too!.
The last three times I've been in Radio bar they've had this human body mutilation video on which is kind of disturbing, but you can ignore it by keeping your gaze ahead toward the bar.
 What you can't ignore is the crazy loud music when it's cranked.
 The latter is the only thing about this bar that I don't like, probably because I prefer to be able to hear what people are saying without having to scream WHAT? repeatedly only to give up and nod politely.
Drinks are cheap and the bar is dark.
 Stools are comfortable, and occasionally there are patrons inside who compliment your teeth!.
perhaps other than the fact that it seems to attract a lot of.
If you don't like Radio then you are likely:.
a) a pretentious prick from the 'burbs or SF.
b) a hipster douche canoe who got lost on their way to Make Westing (much respect for MW bartenders, their evening crowd just sucks).
c) a whiny waste of space on this planet.
d) not friends with me, thank god.
Zhiva, Melissa, Marni and the rest of the Radio crew are some of the nicest, most real people you will meet in downtown.
 If they don't like you, you are probably a jerk with attitude and they are hoping you leave so the rest of us don't have to deal with your dumb-shit vibe.
That said, drinks are always strong and always delicious.
 Music is constantly changing so don't complain if you don't like it.
 If you don't like dark red-lit places, you should move along.
If you can let your hair down with a bunch of nice people and don't want to get ripped off while you drink, this is your bar.
Cool Divey spot.
 Very chill vibe.
 Not sure where they got the Asian decor inspiration from, but the red lights do set a decent tone.
 Bartenders were nice, service was good.
Definitely one of the nastiest bathrooms I've seen in my Day! Hah Kudos for that! Cheers!.
Meh.
It's a cool place to hang out, have drinks and listen to the DJ spin, but the bathrooms are hideous and the place is kind of small.
 Dancing is out of the question.
 The drinks are good and the people seems cool.
 It's just ok in my opinion.
Although I was the only person of Asian descent in the crowd here when I showed up, Radio appears to pay homage to its location near Chinatown by offering an intimate atmosphere that's not only lit dimly by lights in large red paper lanterns, but also punctuated by screens playing kung fu movies.
The atmosphere seems to be both loungey and dive bar-ish at the same time, while the overall vibe is friendly, approachable, and intimate.
 I'll make a point of coming back and trying out some more of their drinks.
My friends and I were checking around Oakland for a good nightlife.
 Being as its not the city we stumbled across Radio.
 We went on a Friday night and the moment we got in we fell in love with the vibe and music.
 Even though its small (since its a dive bar)  they have a good selection of alcohol.
If you're looking for drinks accompanied with good hip hop and the bay area hyphy vibe this is the place to go.
The place is tiny and cute- a little tight with the crowd it brings in but the atmosphere is loud and exciting.
 The music bumps loudly and the bartenders are lively.
 I was here via route bar hopping on Halloween night.
 I really enjoyed the extra lighting and accent of the lanterns on the ceiling.
The walls are lined with mirrors (which is a great idea for a small place), the bar expands most of the room, there is no dance floor but of course, no dance floor is no excuse not to shake your hips.
 If you're lucky, you can find tables and seats in the back corner.
This is someplace I would def come back to check out on a night that isn't Halloween.
 Fun!!.
This is a dark and divey bar with a pretty laid-back vibe.
 It's narrow and sort of hard to move around much.
 The bartender was cool and suggested a great cocktail for me when she found she didn't have all the ingredients for a Corpse Reviver #2.
 My biggest complaint was the ladies room.
 It was very tiny, not very clean, and the toilet was clogged.
 I hope I would find it in better condition on my next visit.
Damn so I really loved this bar.
  I was going a couple times a week (more like every day around 4 after work).
 Will not be returning unfortunately.
  I have been there at times and had an awesome experience with different bar tenders.
  The long haired dude who drives a sick bike! Amazing and sooper nice.
  This past 3 or 4 times I have always gotten service from a little ass hole of a chick.
  First she's a jerk, 2nd,never smiles, and third she just has an unkind persona.
  Like she doesn't want you there.
I go back at different times in hopes that she is NOT there but she is.
On several occasions she has not only been rude to me but my girlfriend as well.
  Instances of refusing water because she's closing her register, or telling me to ask some one else in the most Dickish way.
Damn lady thanks to YOU you lost a loyal customer.
  MAKE THAT TWO.
I used to always catch a last drink here before hopping on BART, so of them many times, a one drink stint is all I've really lingered for.
  And to tell ya the troof, that is all I can really muster in here.
First, the place is thin and narrow, but long.
  If you aren't lucky enough to get a seat at the bar (which is probable), then you have to plaster your back against the long wall.
  And the space between the back of the stools and your face, is literally about 3 feet.
  And in that 3 foot space is where the rest of the schleps will have to walk, back and forth in order to get to the rest rooms.
And to add to the insult, if it is a warm night, say 70's-80's, it will be 10-20 degrees warmer inside because I'm not sure if they have AC.
  When the place fills up, all that body heat just compounds the problem.
  I don't know how the bartenders are able to work in that heat.
  Like clothes sticking to your skin.
heat.
  Like, let's get outa here after this drink.
heat.
But outside of a few major logistical issues, this place is a dive in true form.
  Decent cheap drinks, great music (must be from a shuffler cuz I didn't notice a juke) usually throwbacks of some sort.
  Diverse crowd and quintessential dive bar lighting (red district red).
  A drink here will evoke memories of intimate meetings of elaborate schemes of a devious nature.
  But that's just me watching way too many Tarantino flicks.
  Now if it can bring me there, then it can't be all bad, now can it?.
*throws in extra star*.
I want start this off by complimenting the bar itself I have always liked the environment and have felt invited to come in , I live in the area so I'm around the bar often.
 I'm writing this review based on how I was treated twice upon trying to enter the bar.
 I'm 22 with a baby face so u get carded (no problem with that) , I don't like how I was treated by one of the female staff who was completely rude and disrespectful to me because I don't look my age after I gave multiple forms of ID ,credit cards I  even showed a medical record and birth certificate  I should have never have had to go that far.
 After being turned away by the woman my second time trying to enter the bar the same woman told me that she would only serve me if the bar next door would serve me , so I literally went there and I was served without hesitation after being carded she walked into the bar and asked the bartender if he was going to serve me he replied yes.
 Then she se said to me ok well I'm still not serving you ,your not worth it your not worth me losing my job at the bar so drink here.
 I told her that I didn't want to go there and asked her why she was treating me that way and she replied because u look too young I don't care what your I'd says.
I wish I had the name of the woman who was rude but unfortunately  I don't I feel the way she handled everything was wrong especially to turn a customer away to somewhere else just to come inside of that place where you do not work just  to turn them away is unprofessional and tacky.
OTHER THAN THIS INCIDENT ID SAY FIVE STAR TO THE BAR AND IT'S CREATED  ENVIRONMENT.
Coolish dive bar, but ultimately just a dive bar with some very red lighting.
  I look at the entrace to this bar every day, since I can see it from my work, but this was my first venture inside.
The bartender was interesting and chatty, and the beer selection was OK.
  The very red lighting I didn't care much for, but I guess that's its shtick.
 Ultimtely though, to me, it's just another bar.
  I'm not sure it'd be my first choice for after work - I might go to the Tribune instead which has a better beer selection, and food.
5 stars for the drinks.
 They are strong and CHEAP.
 $4 for a gin and tonic.
 That's cheaper than a beer at most places!.
I went on a Friday night and the music was an interesting mix of early 2000's R&B  and some stuffs that I had never heard before.
 It was sort of hit or miss.
 It would start off with Shaggy "Wasn't Me" then would abruptly change to some tribal beat type deal.
 Maybe I'm ignorant to good music or not cultured.
 Maybe cultured people enjoy the music more.
 All I know is I'm most happy when old school Nelly is playing uninterrupted for the entire night but maybe that's just me.
Plea to the manager: PLEASE stop letting people in when the place is saturated.
 The bar is tiny.
 By 11 pm it was nearly impossible to move yet I noticed the bouncer letting more and more people in.
 We ended up leaving because it was so crowded and hot and not worth it :/.
Still, I give the place the 4 stars because I like the laidback vibe, the cheap drinks, and the hip hop/R&B jams.
A hipsterish establishment that's super, super dark.
 So dark, in fact, that you'd half expect to see the Milky Way galaxy hovering overhead as if you were on a middle school stargazing trek somewhere super remote.
But instead of worrying about zombies popping out of the forest like you did on those dark stargazing treks, you'll have to deal with, well, hipsters and other more borderline types, who for all you know could indeed be walking zombies after a drink or a joint or two.
 The dim red lighting doesn't accentuate people's best features, and you never know if people are staring at you just because they're also having a hard time seeing, or if they really really are creepy.
I appreciate that there are divey places like this in Oakland, but I also appreciate that there are many other places in Oakland to choose from that are more happening and more my style.
I dig it here.
 Cheap happy hour from 4-9pm, they have Manhattan (my kinda drink), Martini, Lemon drop and Margarita all for $5.
 It's really dark when you first walk in but your eyes will adjust eventually and all you see is the red lighting.
 There are pool tables all the way in the back but it's also where the smokers are which I'm not a fan of cigarette smoke so I stay away from there.
 DJ plays music after 10 or something like that and there's a small dancefloor so it gets packed around that time.
 Bartenders and security were pretty friendly.
 I don't like that the bathroom only has one stall and can get pretty nasty but hey, it's to be expected at any bars right! It's a good spot to go to after work to decompress or meet up with friends for a good night and parking is always easy to find.
Hey, Bartender chick socializing with her friends with her back to me.
 (For over 10 mins).
You suck and you're not as cool as you think.
 You saw us and went about hooking your friends up with free drinks.
 You should be fired.
As for the bar, loved the dingy vibe with the added hip hop.
 Usually, dives like this play metal which is what I'm used to.
Too bad they didn't know who I was.
We didn't make it into the annual Autumn Lights Festival and were waiting in line in the cold with 1,000+ people.
 We left and took a stroll on Lake Merrit and decided to continue the night in a better fashion.
 We weren't sure what to expect and I didn't brush up on my Yelp reviews of this place, however, didn't think it was too bad of an idea.
We walked in and the place is completely dark.
 You can literally piss or barf in the corner somewhere of at the bar, and no one would even notice it.
 The light bulbs were all red tinted, which made the whole place blood red.
 It's def.
 appropriate for it's name.
and for Halloween.
There was no music that night, unfortunately, because drinking and dancing is always a great pair.
 The drinks were cheap, the bartender was friendly, and clientele was "freakish".
 Maybe it was just the lighting.
 The place is small in size, not sure where the dance floor would have taken place if there was a DJ playing that night.
We grabbed drinks and headed to a closed off back side where pool and chain smoking took place.
 The crowd was decent, mostly groups of friends hanging out.
 However, the tables were mostly covered in grossness and the seats weren't too clean either, but it's a dive bar- that's how they get the label right?.
I can see this place as a good stop on a night of bar hopping, maybe to pre-game and have smokes indoors, but definitely not a place to just hang out at all night.
Horrible.
 Requested fun  dance music for the ladies completely crowded AROUND the deserted dance floor.
 The DJ  took a full 15 MIN to transition to dance party tunes that filled the dance floor for half an hour.
  Everyone was so happy! Then the dirge of indulgent "ni**a ni**a blessed pu*sy" - you can't make this up, music that cleared the floor.
 When asked WTF I was told there was a 'formula' to get people to the bar.
 Horrible club.
 Terrible drinks.
 If you want to dance, look elsewhere.
 The DJ is faaaaaaaar too into himself to keep the peeps happy to dance :(.
Creepers creeping in a way too smokey room, and I'm a smoker.
 Good music and good drinks though.
Great "dive bar"! Wouldn't have known about this place if I wasn't brought here.
 No sign on the outside so you wouldn't think to come in.
  So dark inside.
 There is a smoking lounge (did we go back in time??) But you can stay clear of that and just hang by the bar and the front area, no detection of any smoke so no problem! Drinks are affordable.
 Music is a throwback, but overall a good place to start/end the night!.
 I HATE LABELS.
  I DON’T LIKE HAVING TO PUT EVERYTHING INTO LITTLE BOXES.
  BUT IF YOU HAD TO LABEL ME, I GUESS YOU COULD CALL ME… REAL.
 I WANT TO BE THE SAME AS ALL THE DIFFERENT PEOPLE.
 LANA DEL REY IS ONE OF THE BEST MUSICAL EXPONENTS OF HER GENERATION.
 IS THIS VEGAN?.
 YOU CAN’T BEGIN TO FULLY APPRECIATE KAFKA UNTIL YOU READ HIM IN GERMAN.
 IT’S NOT A SCARF.
  IT’S A TRADITIONAL COLOMBIAN GARMENT.
 THEY SOUND SO MUCH BETTER ON VINYL.
 WHEN I DIE, I’M LEAVING MY BODY TO ART.
 CAN YOU CALL ME BACK? I’M KNITTING A COVER FOR MY IPAD.
 MY MUSIC DOESN’T REALLY HAVE A GENRE, BUT IF I HAD TO DEFINE IT I’D PROBABLY SAY ‘ORGANIC GARAGE’.
 WHAT’S YOUR INSTAGRAM HANDLE?.
 IT’S KIND OF LIKE BONO MEETS WEEZER? BUT IT’S JUST ME AND A UKULELE.
 I HEARD SHE’S MAKING SOME SERIOUS WAVES IN THE HEMP INDUSTRY.
 WELL YOU CAN’T JUST GET THEM ANYWHERE, YOU NEED TO KNOW THE RIGHT PLACES.
 …AND THIS IS MY GIRLFRIEND, RAINBOWE.
 IS THAT FAIR TRADE?.
 I GOT DONNIE DARKO THE FIRST TIME I WATCHED IT.
 SOMEONE REALLY NEEDS TO INVENT A MOUSTACHE-FRIENDLY HARMONICA.
 I SAW THEM IN THIS REALLY SMALL VENUE LAST YEAR.
 IT’S FROM THE ORGANIC FRUIT STALL ON CHAMBERS STREET.
  YOU’VE PROBABLY NEVER HEARD OF IT.
 I’M THINKING OF TAKING SOME TIME OFF TO WORK ON MY SOLO STUFF.
 THANKS, I WOVE IT MYSELF.
 SOVEREIGN RINGS ARE SO CLICHÉ-CHIC.
 BON IVER IS SUCH A SELLOUT.
 UGH… ARIAL.
 I BET HIS AFRO ISN’T EVEN IRONIC.
 THIS IS DEFINITELY GOING INTO MY BLOG.
 WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU’RE OUT OF LEATHER IPHONE PURSES?.
 YOU CALL THAT A FEDORA?.
 WELL I’M PLANNING ON MOVING TO LONDON TO OPEN MY OWN GLUTEN-FREE BAKERY, BUT AT THE MOMENT I’M JUST KIND OF LAYING LOW AND WORKING ON MY NOVEL.
 Hey want to come to my high school play except I’m calling it a band?.
 I’m writing a book called “Chicken Soup for the Twenty-Something Teenage Soul.”.
 Should I get excited when a mainstream artist is nominated for a mainstream award?.
 Kids on the Youtube, learning how to be cool.
 Rather be dead than cool.
 I’m beat to the square, and square to the beat, and that’s my vocation.
 They're actually not that good live.
 I was into them like, two years ago.
 I like the remix better.
 Have you heard their side project?.
 Their single is the worst song on the album.
 This is the most important album of the decade.
 My friend used to date the lead singer.
 I only like their early stuff.
 The radio ruined that song.
 I grew up with them.
 Your beanie can never be too far back on your head.
 I dont match colors.
  Colors match themselves.
 I think rolling up my pant legs to my ankles is just a must on all occasions.
 Yeah I totally would sign up for Greenpeace.
 100% non-chinese child labor clothing is my ish.
 Who are you again?.
 I HEARD SHE’S MAKING SOME SERIOUS WAVES IN THE HEMP INDUSTRY.
 Sorry, I only use products that are still in beta.
 I don't believe in labels.
 IS IT EVEN ORGANIC?.
 CAN YOU NOT?!.
 VEGAN.
 LOL.
 I CANT EVEN.
 I KIND OF WANT A HOT DOG.
 IM SO EXCITED FOR FALL.
 YOU GUYS!.
 WHAT DOES YOUR TATTOO MEAN?.
 MEET YOU AT THE PARK BRING YOUR DOGS LETS TALK ABOUT TATTOOS.
 like i have money.
 sorry not sorry.
 my struggle bus is vintage.
 i got it at a thrift store across town.
 i have to order parts from europe to fix my bike.
 but how do you know it's fair trade?.
 is this ice cream vegan?.
 are you sure about that?.
 you've probably never heard of them.
 i only eat at pop ups and food truck.
 their food went to shit when they went brick and mortar.
 Because duh.
 Stop it right now.
 Really tho.
 Said no one ever.
 Wait but why?.
 Literally dying.
 Srsly.
 Srsly?.
 #THIS.
 My phone died.
 Do you have any cash?.
 They only take cash.
 I know, right?.
 Totes.
 he would be so much more attractive if he didn't post so many selfies.
 I'm nowhere close to where I thought I'd be at this age.
  What am I doing with my life?.
 Dude, I got so turnt last night!.
 This article doe.
 That party was too turnt!.
 It’s hella hot outside today.
 Karen only wears oversized frockets and leggings.
  She’s hella basic.
 She threw shade at me in front of everyone and thought I wouldn’t realize.
 This song is giving me life! YAS!.
 I totally ship Piper and Alex! My all-time favorite ship is Ross and Rachel.
 Those tacos were good AF.
 Did you see his eyes? He was lit af.
 You always have my back, fam.
 let's do brunch.
 best brunch spot in the city, you can't even get there on the bus.
 i can't, i'm in an uber right now.
 A truly tasty burger requires no secrets; use only fresh ingredients, prepare them to order, and serve it as promptly as possible.
  This one was delivered as promised on a soft Firebrand bun with pungent Point Reyes bleu cheese and sweet caramelized onions.
  I opted for mine to be grilled medium-rare and to be spared the mushrooms.
 The kitchen at GLK did not disappoint.
  My goodness was this sandwich delicious! Augmented by perfectly seasoned French fries and an ice cold pint, I relished every bite while dining outside overlooking Lake Merritt, enjoying the company of my girlfriend and strangers that were seated close by who all felt as strongly about their selection of entrees as I did mine.
 They told me that that a total remodeling of the place had just been completed three days ago.
  So I guess I'll just have to come back to check that out at brunch someday soon.
   I'm already looking forward to it already.
 I'm torn because the food was inventive yet pedestrian in execution.
 Eggs Bennie is my fave and go to brunch meal.
  It's the yardstick of a good spot.
  Again,  torn.
  It was good, not great.
 Innovative- check.
  They replaced the English muffin with rye bread, presumably from Acme, and the fruit with an salad with a nice vinegarette.
   Score!.
 Execution- the eggs came out over cooked.
  They should've never come out of the kitchen.
  They have just re-opened after a major reno and people are swarming like bees.
  I put this down to the kitchen getting used to the new flow.
 Staff- totally saved their bacon.
  Really.
   The hostess is very gracious and adept at empathizing with customers.
  It takes a special person to get people excited for an hour wait by sending them to the farmers market and making it convenient to check in.
   I sat in essentially the serve area for the bar.
   The bartender made it the best seat in the house.
  She is very thorough and attentive in her job.
  Her mimosa was delish.
 Trouble is the crowd and a need to turn tables.
  Brunch is supposed to be, or at least feel, leisurely.
  It was fun but I can see myself relaxing there.
 I absolutely love this spot.
 I was looking for a good brunch place not in SF and found Grand Lake Kitchen.
  The restaurant is pretty damn small but if you can ge.
 t there at a good time, the wait isn't terrible.
  It's also nice that the lake is right outside so you can just hang out if the weather permits.
 My friend and I ordered the Savory French Toast and the Pork Belly Hash.
  I don't rteally remember the hash, because the savory french toast was SO FREAKING GOOD.
  The flavor combos here just worked so well.
  So well, in fact, that I ate here a little over a year ago and I'm just now writing the review.
 I was also recently introduced to chilaquiles, which I see is on the menu here, so I'm making it a goal to return sometime soon!.
 No wait at dinner time.
   Thoughtful food prepared with love and care.
   Nice breeze on the patio and lovely alcoholic and nonalcoholic drink options.
   I will be back for brunch to see if it can live up to the hype and long lines.
 This is by far in my top three places to eat.
   I've usually just picked up a sandwhich, but I went for breakfast and has just a full on delicious meal.
   It was a little chilly, but they provided blankets, which actually made the experience a little more fun.
 The coffee is just right.
   I got the soft scrambled eggs and it was just delicious.
   My dad got the oyako egg salad open faced on rye and the eggs had such a different flavor and texture but equally delicious.
 I just love the flavors here.
   The portions are perfect.
   And I absolutely loved the staff.
   Whatever they're doing just keep doing it.
   Love this place.
 30 minute wait for brunch on a Monday? Must be that good, eh it was just alright.
  Came here for my birthday with a few friends, and we all shared what we ordered.
 FOOD: I had the chilaquiles since it was highly recommended.
  Personally, I didn't like how soggy the chips were and the salsa lacked flavor.
  Out of the two dishes my friends ordered, oyaka and savory French toast, the savory French toast stood out for its unique flavors.
  There is actually no French toast involved, just toasted rye bread for the base, topped with arugula and poached eggs.
  The oyaka was an open faced egg salad sandwich topped with chicken skin.
  My friend liked it, and I thought it just okay.
  But honesty, it's hard to mess up an egg salad.
 DRINKS: We shared a pitcher of POG mimosas, which were perfect for the hot weather.
 OVERALL: I might come back to try out other things on the menu, but will stay away from the chilaquiles.
 What a lovely spot.
  My beau and I went here on our last day in California, and to check out the spot as the friend we visited is the manager.
  Most of the seating is outside (until the expansion is completed) but it was a nice enough day so we plopped down and ordered.
 I had the strawberry French toast with a side of scrambled eggs.
  My boo had the eggs Benedict with toast, a side of greens and bacon.
  Our meal was so amazing!! Some of the best eggs I've ever had.
  They were light and fluffy yet moist and cheesy without being over cooked.
  The French toast was delicious.
  Lightly toasted on the outside and soft on the inside.
  Fresh strawberries, whip cream and yummy maple syrup.
 It hasn't even been a month since our visit and I already miss the food.
  If you're in the Oakland area, do your mouth a favor and swing by this spot.
 4.
 5 stars.
  I'm falling more and more in love with Oakland each time I visit, especially this area around Lake Merritt.
  Such gorgeous views with hip things to do, like brunch! I randomly searched for brunch places around here, and Grand Lake Kitchen was first on the list.
  My boyfriend and I put our names on the list, took a brief walk around Lake Merritt, then came back just in time for our names to be called.
 We were seated on the outdoor patio.
  It was a warm Oakland day.
  Perfect for brunch outside.
  What a lively vibe.
  Much different from having brunch in San Francisco, I'd say.
  I ordered the Pastrami Benedict which was served on rye bread.
  so unique and tasty! Lots of cool things on the menu, whether brunch, lunch, or snacks.
  My boyfriend got the Pork Belly Hash which did not look as appealing as the Pastrami Benedict but equally delicious.
 Inside the actual restaurant seems more narrow, but you get to see the chefs work their magic, which is pretty cool.
  Overall it's definitely worth the trek to Grand Lake Kitchen.
  They have an excellent selection of meats that you can't miss!.
 Got here around 11 and didn't get seated until 11:45.
  Be prepared for that wait!.
 This place is tiny! But the food is great and the Bellinis are pretty good too.
 I ordered the savory French toast and would recommend adding the prosciutto as I went without and kind of felt it was lacking.
  I did love that the savory French toast had arugella and mushrooms.
  Yuuuuum! Plus poached eggs were cooked well.
  One was slightly over done but didn't affect the dish at all.
 Friend ordered the soft scramble and it looked.
  basic but tasted pretty good.
 Although a tiny spot along Lake Merritt, Grand Lake Kitchen is truly a gem! I stopped in for a late breakfast/brunch and I would highly recommend it.
  Although it's tempting to sit inside at the counter and watch the chefs work their magic, the umbrellaed outdoor patio gives a beautiful (although a touch away) view of beautiful Lake Merritt.
  Although we visited on a Monday late morning (note: they're closed all day Tuesdays!), there was a steady stream of people waiting for tables throughout our visit.
 We started with a bottled rose lemonade (although it isn't made in house, I always order a Fentimans soda when available) and a hibiscus cleanse (more sour than I expected but different in a good way).
  From there we ordered the dungeness crab appetizer, served on toasted bread with avocado and topped with fresh greens.
  This was truly a spectacular dish, the crab was amazing and the flavors combined perfectly and were crisp and fresh.
  Perfect appetizer to split between two people.
  For our main course we ordered the Italian sandwich, which they cut in the kitchen for us and served on two plates, a nice touch, with a pickled vegetable on the side.
  The ACME bread that it was served on (as most of the sandwiches are served on) is spectacular, sandwiches delicious meats, lettuce, tomato and swiss cheese.
  You will not be disappointed with this pick from the menu!.
 Grand Lake Kitchen is a restaurant that, if I lived in the area, I would return to over and over again.
  Everything coming out of the kitchen looked delicious and I've heard from others positive things about so many dishes.
  It's a place where it'd be easy to explore the menu and always want to order something new.
  They also sell a variety of specialty products in the restaurant, including Durham, NC made Big Spoon peanut butter (shout out to my home city!) One note: they don't accept American Express here.
 This is my favorite brunch spot in Oakland.
  You have to get there early though, there's always a wait.
  I think the wait is worth it! The front patio is great too, it's right across from lake Merritt.
  I love the pastrami eggs Benedict.
  The pellinis are super good too! Even if it's cold out, sit on the front prior.
  They will give you blankets to keep warm.
 Cheers to Yelp again for helping me find a delicious brunch place.
  My bf's favorite meal of the day is brunch so off we go searching for one when I found this place.
  I'm assuming they're expanding since there's construction going on next door.
  Great if they are!.
 Seatings are limited but we went on a weekday so snagged a table right away.
  Love their outdoor seating area that is across from Lake Merritt.
  Great place for a full belly then cross the street to walk it off.
 We order the Savory French Toast and Chilaquiles.
  Great house coffee.
  Would have been nice if they came by to check on us and refill it without asking.
 but waitress was a sweetheart so all good.
 SFT was delicious! I failed to add on prosciutto and it was still rich with flavor.
  Wouldn't think that of just toast, eggs, arugula and cheese but the combination with the herb oil and sauté wild mushrooms made it a worth-order dish!.
 Now to the Chilaquiles.
 I love Mexican food but can't bring myself to like it for breakfast/brunch.
  It's my personal taste so don't take my word for it.
  BF thought it was good but not exceptional.
  Maybe.
 only maybe if they give you an option to add carne asada or al pastor.
 now that would be my type of a brunch!.
 Short and sweet:.
 "Deli-style" old-school restaurant feel.
  The food was everything I've heard about it being.
  We had the savory French toast.
  Don't be scared, homie.
  It was unbelievable.
  I've been hearing about it for months.
  Everything it was supposed to be.
 Friendly, attentive service.
 With a beautiful view situated right across Lake Merritt, this place is in a perfect spot to sit back on a Sunday morning and eat some delicious food.
   It was a 20 minute wait and none of us minded when they handed us some mimosas and coffee so that we could sit in their outside patio soaking up some sun.
   Lucky for us, the weather was perfect.
  Warm enough to take off our jackets and grey blankets draped on the chairs in case we got chilly.
 Let's get to the most important part of this experience and talk about the food.
    Because that's what we care about the most right?  Here you go folks, straight from the menu right to you.
 *CRAB TOAST - DUNGENESS CRAB, AVOCADO, PICKLED CHERRY PEPPER VINAIGRETTE, SOURDOUGH 14.
 00.
   Yessss.
  Generous portion of crab meat, salad greens and perfectly toasted sourdough.
   Couldn't get enough of this stuff.
   It was so good that had they given us a bigger portion, I would have kept stuffing my mouth.
   Not cute.
 *CHILAQUILES - TORTILLA CHIPS, SALSA ROJA, BLACK BEANS, 2 EGGS SUNNY, AVOCADO, QUESO FRESCO, SOUR CREAM, PICKLED RED ONIONS 12.
 00  I'm going to be in the minority and say that I wasn't impressed with this.
   The red sauce was bland and nothing about this stood out to me.
   Wouldn't order it again.
 *SAVORY FRENCH TOAST - RYE BREAD IN PORCINI BATTER, 2 POACHED EGGS, WILD MUSHROOMS, PARMESAN, ARUGULA, HERB OIL 13.
 00  Savory French Toast?  Talk about first time for everything.
   I was glad I got to pop this cherry because boy oh boy.
   This was good.
   The french toast itself was slightly crunchy on the outside, seasoned with a pinch of salt.
  The rest of the ingredients were the perfect accompaniment.
   Pancetta on top gave it a nice salty kick and we practically inhaled this entire plate.
 I have to add in that their bathroom was immaculate.
   If you've read my other reviews, you know how much I appreciate a clean toilet bowl.
   Good job Grand Lake Kitchen.
   You have impressed me.
 perfect for wkend brunch.
 Pork belly hash & sourdough French toast are the best.
   we always come here for these.
 we've tried some benedicts.
 and it was good too but Pork belly hash & sourdough French toast are something really special about this restaurant.
 all servers are super nice!!! Thank that I can start my wkend morning pleasantly w these great food and awesome servers.
 THEY ARE BACK AND THEY BETTA!.
 Bigger inside more seating with a bar! Same amazing customer service and delicious food! Love this place so much I always leave happy and stuffed.
 People who have read my reviews know that breakfast/brunch is my least favorite meal to eat out.
  Mainly because I'm always underwhelmed.
  I've yet to find an amazing brunch in East Bay.
 Grand Lake Kitchen has been on my list to try though due to the great reviews and alluring photos.
  Since me and the BF were free on a Thursday morning, I decided to give it a try!.
 There was no wait, but we decided to sit outside since it was nice and cool.
  They gave us blankets to keep warm, which I thought was a nice touch!.
 We ordered the chilaquiles and the savory french toast.
  It was my first time having chilaquiles and I wasn't that impressed.
  Soggy chips, coquita cheese and unseasoned black beans.
  The scrambled eggs were soft but lackluster on their own.
   Ample amount of avocado! I felt like everything was on the bland side and I needed to use salt on everything (which I usually never do).
  The savory french toast was interesting and the poached egg was cooked perfectly.
  I loved the mushrooms! But I found the huge amount of arugula to be a bit much.
  Portions were decent size.
  However, it wasn't a WOW dish for me either.
  Overall, I found both dishes to be just okay.
 The service was really friendly and attentive though, checking up on use to make sure we were good since we were the only ones sitting outside.
 The search continues.
 Extremely cute brunch & lunch place in Oakland near Lake Merritt.
  This spot is kind of small and crammed, but the food is fresh and not too greasy.
  My partner and I split the breakfast sandwich and ordered a side salad with roasted chicken.
  The breakfast sandwich was delicious and I especially loved the acme bread it was on.
  The bread was soft and not too hard and it blended well with the eggs and bacon.
  We decided to substitute the ham for bacon at a $1 extra as I am not a fan of ham.
  The salad was pretty good too and the dressing had a mustard vinaigrette dressing.
 I was a little disappointed because I wanted to try the pork belly hash which is only served on the weekends so I will definitely need to be back when I'm in the Bay Area again.
  They also sell chips, spreads, bread and some other groceries on a shelf near the entrance.
 Grand Lake Kitchen is/was good.
  I have no complaints about the food or the service.
  However, I don't think it warrants the rating it has on here.
 I had one of their recommended sandwiches.
  It was good, but it was nothing to write home about.
  If you decide to eat here, the portions can be small, so you may have to order side dishes.
 There are a couple of things I have on repeat at this joint.
 Because they don't have a ton of veggie options.
 French toast with oven-toasted blackberries? Heaven.
 Huevos rancheros? Good but not Mexican enough (calm down, I'm Mexican, so I have license to say that).
 Red potato salad? Good.
 Obama sammie? Great:).
 Usually love brunching at Oakland Grill around the corner; in fact it's my fave spot in Oakland to brunch hands down but decided to try something different so we tried out Chop Bar instead.
 Ordered the pork belly hash, it was absolutely delish, hats off to the chefs.
  Also ordered mimosas, it was meh.
  My friend wasnt impressed with this place however the ambience more then made up for it.
  The interior had a beautiful layout woodsy country theme with a modern twist.
  Decided to try the outdoor sitting, just perfect for a summer day.
  Nice cool breeze and the opportunity to people watch :).
 2 stars for the servers, they were not friendly, lacked enthusiasm but I didn't let that ruin my vibe.
  Check out this spot when you're in the area!.
 Decent place for weekend brunch in a casual, relaxed setting.
 I opted for the eggs Benedict, which was pretty good - the Hollandaise sauce was nice and smooth and the eggs were cooked perfectly, although the English muffin was a bit tough.
  I also enjoyed the Bloody Mary with bacon, which had a good combination of saltiness and spice.
 Service is not the most engaging, but adequate for the prices.
 Friendly service, chic-industrial interior, so-so brunch food.
 The pork belly hash left something to be desired.
  so says mi amigo.
 And the Eggs ala Cazuela with Veggie Mojo? Well, first let me translate that for non espanol speakers- eggs baked in roasted tomato-pepper sauce.
 Now for my review of that dish.
  En espanol- Es ok.
  In English- It's okay.
 Two eggs swimming in tomato sauce.
  Soak up the sun (of sauce) with roasted potatoes and 2 small slices of acme bread.
  I feel a side salad or some greenery would've spruced things up- evened out that sauce, carbs, and eggs dynamic.
  Hello, Salt.
  Nice to meet you.
 The laid-back vibe and open window seating creates an enjoyable atmosphere.
  Close to Jack London square (not near the water but in the warehouse area), Chop Bar is a 10 minute walk from the Lake Merritt bart stop.
  I hear their oxtail poutine fries are good, so I'd get that if I came another time.
  Seems like a fun place for a happy hour.
 I've been here twice and I have yet to eat anything that I would reorder.
  The drinks, however, are delicious.
 The bacon bloody Mary is tangy, spicy, sweet and robust.
  Do yourself a favor and get a group together for brunch and order the Bacon Bloody Mary.
  Your taste buds will appreciate it.
 isited on Valentine's Day!.
 It wasn't too busy yet since we came early.
  Food was aiiittteee.
  I ordered the polenta and mimosa.
  Mimosa was good.
  Polenta was fine.
  Nothing special.
  It's a cute place f'sho.
 The cute table gave my sweater dress a splinter.
  Good thing it didn't puncture through my dress.
 Nothing else on the menu stood out to me so I probably won't be back.
 It'a located in good ol' Jack London square.
  Nice location good for dates.
  Walk around and catch the farmer's market.
  Or catch whatever is going on at Jack London square! They have Jack of all trades.
  Movies in the summer.
  The list goes on.
 Great food at reasonable prices.
  Taken out of town guests here twice and everyone has commented on the excellent quality of the food.
 Food - fantastic! I've tried or sampled: pork banh mi, mussels, chicken torta, the chop burger, Ruben, and fish tacos.
  All were flawless and would order each item again.
  I would give special attention to the broth with the mussels and ask for extra bread; you don't want to let that broth go to waste.
 Drinks- again fantastic! I've tried the Bloody Mary with and without Bacon - highly recommend either as they tickle all different flavor areas on your tongue.
   Also had a Spicy Q, drink with rum and jalapeño, would order on the rocks next time but delicious.
 Service - first visit was absolutely amazing - server was a mind reader - on it for drink orders and brought extra bread for the mussels without us even asking.
   I tipped 30% in appreciation.
 Second visit was sub-par.
  I just felt like the server didn't want to be there and didn't ask if we wanted a second round of drinks when we were low.
  Ended up not ordering more drinks because we finished our food.
  Also asked how was the food while facing another table and not making eye contact.
  Head wasn't in the game.
  Essentially barely checking on us after the food came out.
  I was server for 4 years, we all have those off days (or hangovers), I get it.
 Atmosphere - really love the bar and wood elements inside.
  Pig pictures on the walls and pig toilet paper holder in bathroom is a funny touch.
  Saw a TV but it was not on during lunch hours for either visit.
 not sure if that was intentional or not but it created more of a conversational experience at my table with dudes who would have normally zoned out to sportscenter.
  Didn't bother me either way, just felt it should be noted.
 Overall - 4 Stars - would give them a 5 except for service on second visit.
  Perfect ratings are reserved for perfect restaurants.
 Pastrami Potato Hash was well seasoned, poached eggs were done perfectly and the potatoes were solid.
 The frittata was a unique twist on the classic.
  There's was thinner with a crispy bottom vs traditional ones that is thicker and more reminiscent of a pie.
 The variety is good but not the best for vegetarians especially during brunch.
 Expect to wait especially during peak times.
 Overall Thoughts.
 I am glad I got a chance to try Chop Bar and more grateful that I didn't leave disappointed.
 Not going to lie, one of the best parts of Chop Bar is that you can call 30 min in advance and put your name down for a table.
  I was on Bart when I called and upon arrival a table was waiting for us! A few other groups were waiting outside for brunch but we just sat right down.
  (if only SF places were like this.
 ).
 Walking up, we saw some people with the bloody marys and they looked incredible! I personally don't like bloody marys but my friend said it wasn't quite as spicy as she would have liked.
  The pickled veggies and the bacon that come with it were delicious though!.
 I got the french toast with apples and walnuts.
  The toast was pretty fluffy and thoroughly soaked in syrup.
  In fact, the toast was in a pool of syrup so the last few bites were a bit too soggy.
  I also wished there had been more apples and walnuts because that would have added more texture to the dish.
 Chop Bar is a great spot for brunch and lunch.
 Brunch: 4 stars, Lunch: 3 stars.
  Dinner: 3 stars.
 Although the brunch menu may look like your typical brunch, they really do a great job.
  The quality of ingredients and the flavors are on point.
  The chilaquiles and french toast are delicious.
  Lunch is also good too but the few times I've been I wasn't too impressed with their menu.
  One item I really enjoyed was their clams.
  My mom had the pork banh-mi and I wasn't too impressed when I tried it.
  It was expensive and made with great quality ingredients I'm sure, but it didn't beat a $4 banh mi I could get in chinatown.
  I also tried the oxtail poutine which was a little too saucy and it needed either more fries or bread on the side to dip into it.
  Delicious but I couldn't just slurp the gravy on its own.
 All in all, the service is great and there is a great amount of parking near by.
  The ambiance is nice with indoor and outdoor seating.
  The last time I went Festus Ezeli from the warriors was sitting near me.
  I was pretty star struck and decided not to disturb him, but that was a cool memory of this place! (:.
 Wanted to try the Bloody Mary ($8) at this place since I heard it was good.
  I had never had one before, so I figured I might as well start with a good one.
  Needless to say, I don't think I'm the Bloody Mary type.
  It had a nice flavor, but it's too spicy and more like a meal in a glass (I'm also not a fan of milkshakes with my food).
  I do recommend getting it with bacon ($2 extra), as it's some of the best I've had.
 The food came to us oddly quick.
  Within minutes.
 We ordered the asparagus appetizer ($11).
  It came with a poached egg and some sort of green sauce.
  Flavor was nice, but it was a little salty.
  Not too salty, just a little.
 I got the Chop Bar Burger for my meal ($14) with Swiss cheese ($1 extra, but some add-ons were $2 extra).
  Meat-wise, the burger was top notch.
  And I liked the bun, too.
  Other than that, there weren't a whole lot of other flavors going on.
  Just the bacon, which merely added to the saltiness of the patty.
  The Swiss cheese and the aioli were non-existent.
  I even asked for more aioli for extra taste.
  It only barely helped.
  It wasn't a bad burger by any means.
  It was just too reliant on the bold meat flavor and needed a little more craft.
 My dad got the pork confit ($20) with a side of Jo-Jos ($6), which are basically potato wedges.
  The pork was very flavorful, and so were the potatoes.
 They specialize in meat, and they passed with flying colors in that department.
  It's just that they tend to add a lot of ingredients that merely sound good on paper without truly complimenting each other.
 Also, this place is a tad bit pricey.
  $8 for the Bloody Mary isn't bad, but the food is just too expensive for the quality.
  I've had better for less.
 But most importantly, this place was good enough to make me want to come back to try their other menu items.
 We heard the meatloaf was good, but I guess we'll save that for next time.
 Try ordering ANYTHING off the menu.
  These guys have ZERO interest in giving a customer a satisfying experience.
  I feel bad because the chefs are working hard trying to make amazing food and it's being served by these indifferent "hipster barrista" types.
 Damn disappointing.
 Sunday brunch was most excellent.
  We were seated fairly quickly.
  The staff was incredibly attentive and nice.
  All smiles!.
 The French toast is a big win.
  Custard-dipped brioche with candied walnuts, apples and whipped cream.
  It was to die for.
 Other big wins was the chiliquiles with chorizo and salsa verde.
  A really big portion.
 The side of bacon was meh.
  It was actually one slice of bacon cut in three chunks.
  It wasn't particularly tasty and $5 which was a bit of a rip off.
 Coffee was most excellent and local.
 Will definitely visit this place again.
 I love that this place lets you call ahead for brunch to put your name down on the list.
  I cannot appreciate that enough.
  I oftentimes will avoid brunch in SF because I don't want to wait over an hour after I get there just to get seated.
 I tried the bloody mary "baconized".
  I saw other people with the bloody mary as we walked in and decided right then that I had to get it.
  It looked like a pretty standard bloody mary, but with bacon on top (I know, right?!)!! Not sure how much I actually liked the bacon in it, but it was definitely an interesting twist.
  The bloody mary itself was decent, a little on the tomato-y side, not super spicy.
 The menu is not super extensive, but has your standard brunch options.
  Between me and my friends, we ordered a few different things.
 1) Pastrami hash (with poached eggs) - I had this, it was pretty tasty, nothing particularly special about it, but it was good.
  I enjoyed it, though it was more like chunks of pastrami and potato, rather than a hash really.
 2) Pork belly frittata - The pork belly in the frittata looked like it had a good fat to lean ratio (which is important!) but wasn't seasoned quite enough.
 3) Eggs cazuela.
 4) French toast.
 Chop Bar is the good Oakland, the kind you want to show off to your friends.
 It's located in a cool loft space in Jack London, within walking distance from the Blue Bottle flagship location.
  The wait on a Sunday afternoon teeters around 20 mins, which isn't all that bad in comparison to some spots in San Francisco.
 The menu features all kinds of new American and California inspired plates.
  Their burger is a serious force to be reckoned with.
  This is one of the best burgers I've ever had.
  Let me lay this out for you.
  the bun is somewhere between sourdough and a pastry.
  It is remarkable.
  The hamburger patty is so thick and so juicy and as you eat this thing, the juices dribble out and the soft part of the bun soaks it up.
  Thick, hickory smoked slices of bacon and avocado adorn this creation.
  Make sure to add cheese too because, holy crap, the melted swiss cheese on this thing was delicious.
  I asked for medium rare and received a very well done patty, but I was too hungry to do anything about it.
  Kind of a bummer, so make sure your waiter knows you're not playing around.
 They only have 4 beers on tap, none of which is a pilsner, and all their taps were broken when I went.
  Basically their only downfall is being a beer buzzkill.
 I feel like Chop Bar can do no wrong.
 I've had dinner here twice, and stopped in one time for lunch.
   While it can get kind of loud in this small, intimate space, you'll probably be too busy savoring the amazing food to want to talk to whoever else you're with.
   Just keeping it 100.
 Their agua frescas ($3) are, well, refreshing.
   If you want something other than water, but that won't drive your BAC up, this is a great choice.
   I had a watermelon one for dinner and it had the faintest hint of lime in it, too.
   Even with the striking blend of flavors, I think it blended pretty well with the pork chop I ordered that evening.
 For lunch, I opted for their pork Bolognese with pac mac noodles by Baia Pasta (shop.
 baiapasta.
 com/produ…) - $18.
   If you're not in the mood for meat, there's also a seasonal vegetable option, too.
   With a generous portion of shaved parmesan on top, this dish really hit the spot.
   Just the right ratio of noodles to sauce, with plenty of chunks of savory ground pork.
 The first time I had dinner here, I went for the oxtail poutine - $20 (french fries, oxtail gravy, Fiscalini cheddar).
   I might or might not have licked the plate clean.
 The second time I went for dinner, I ordered the pork chop and chose kale and mashed potatoes as my side dishes (you also have the option of going with their mac and cheese) - $24.
   Their mashed potatoes were just too good.
   I honestly want to ask them to double up on the mashed potatoes next time.
   Maybe i'll just beg for a bowl as my entree.
   The kale was cooked perfectly with onions and garlic, too, and I definitely felt less guilty eating them.
  but the mashed potatoes!!!  As for the pork chop, goodness.
   There was a slight crust that formed all around while the interior remained tender and moist.
   It came in a pool of gravy that complimented it nicely, too, not salty or gelatinous as some gravies can be.
 I would definitely be proud to show this gem of a gastropub to friends and family.
   Maybe next time I'll try some appetizers and desserts, too.
 We came here for brunch on Mother's Day , we called about 30 mins ahead and was seated almost right away.
  The food arrived quickly and the server was great.
  We got the pork hash , the eggs Benedict and eggs Benedict with crab and the torta.
  All the food was perfect and cooked wonderfully.
  The torta was almost like a banh mi fusion but I'm not complaining , I probably wouldn't call it a torta but it was delicious.
  The crab eggs Benedict tasted amazing , they were really generous with the crab and came with a generous side of potatoes.
  Of course I can't forget about the hot sauce , they had cholula and a house made sauce that was really smokey and delicious but pretty spicy.
  I can't wait to come back again.
 This place is eehhhh.
  The price we paid was definitely not worth it.
  2 entrees and a coffee and orange juice cost us about $40! The French toast was so soggy.
  My husband ordered the pork belly hash.
  It wasn't even pork belly more like small tiny pieces of bacon and there's no hash! It was just home style potatoes.
  Not worth it.
  Go over by lake Merritt for way better brunch places.
 come to Portal's Queer Beer Wednesday every week! The sliders on the happy hour menu are my favorite.
 UPDATE: I have been coming to every QBW for over a year! The fried chicken sliders are a welcome addition to the before 5:00 "happy (hour) meal" menu, and I'm not sorry to see the cheese sauce go from the fries either.
  Portal's rotating menu of craft beers has taught me a lot about beer and about my taste too.
  Ask for Melvin.
  He's the best!.
 This place is pretty neat.
  I came in for lunch on a beautiful afternoon and sat on the outdoor patio overlooking the lake.
 There was a large party of 12 requiring the attn of most of the wait staff (3 servers).
  Service was very slow from start to finish.
  Not a place for a quick bite or lunch if you're on the clock.
 The food was very good.
  Quality ingredients and large portions.
  I went with the Garlic bread meatball sandwich.
  The mini burgers and chilaquiles looked good and I hope to come back for those.
 Overall a good spot, but service was shoddy -- no refills or checkups.
 Came here for dinner with a few friends.
   We shared the vegetarian garbage bread, which was quite delish.
   The garbage bread was very hearty, and it definitely did not need meat.
   Definitely recommend.
   For myself, I ordered 2 mini burgers in fried chicken and turkey, both were quite filling and tasty, though not as exciting as our garbage bread.
 Overall the atmosphere was a nice small pub, great for a couple of friends.
   The outside area is also very cute, definitely want to return for brunch with mimosas!  Will update my review upon return!.
 I'm completely in love with this place.
  The food, the people, the beer, and seating!! Very close to the lake with outdoor seating (there's indoor seating as well).
  They have 3 tvs inside, and one shared bathroom (the only drawback).
 I love the beer selection here, only problem I have is that there's a high turn over of the beer.
  As soon as you fall in love with one there's one to replace it.
  The food is great, try the cheese knots.
  They're basically like homemade mozzarella sticks and they will change your life on how you see mozzarella sticks.
  The wings are great as well.
  Not bad prices.
 There's parking all around.
  When you sit outside you have views of the lake.
  Very nice decor both indoor and outdoor.
  Definitely worth a visit.
  They do have vegan and veg options!.
 It is definitely worth the (honestly not bad) wait for a table on the patio.
  I was so relaxed with a beer and good food, staring out at the breezy lake.
  Thank God out of their decently-sized list of beers on tap, there was at least one sour.
  We just barely missed bottomless mimosas (I believe they're done at 1 pm?), damn.
 We shared the pork belly salad and garbage bread.
  If it sounds like we were eating light, we absolutely were not.
  The garbage bread sneaks up on you, and all the fixings inside are going to make you groan after it settles in twenty or so minutes.
  Delicious in the moment, though.
  The pork belly salad was average, and a bit overdressed/salty.
 Parking was fortunately easy to find all around, and seriously, thank God for the location.
  We had to walk it off for an hour around the lake.
 Portal is like.
 one of those places where you stumble across on accident.
  But at the end of the day you realize the encounter was supposed to happen.
  Some may even say "divine intervention" well at least for those into bar food with a light sophisticated twist.
  And those that like local beers, hoppy ales, and micro brews.
  And a nice view of Lake Merrit from the patio.
  So far Portal has a few things right.
  Allow me to tell you a little more.
  Here is my review of Portal.
 4/21/16.
 My constant Yelping seems to have rubbed on aome of my friends! I decided to stay and take in Oakland after going to my guard card class earlier on in the day.
  I had booked marked so many places in Oakland and didn't think I was going to get to visit any of them until my buddy contacted me after seeing me check in on "Facebook" in the "City of Oakland" he was like "Yo dude you in my hood, I been checking out some cool gastropubs on Yelp.
  Let's check out this place called Portal!" I was stoked because I one didn't know my homie "Yelped" and two because I didn't realize I had bookedmarked it already.
  So I was totally down.
  He swooped me up and we set off.
 It was nice to see a few places I've bookedmarked in Oakland as we drove throughout downtown and the Lake Merrit area.
  But our minds were set, we wanted to step this "Portal" and have some good beer and bar fair.
  It was nice to see Lake Merrit as kinda the.
 "Landmark" if you were trying to find this place and another east bay restarunt that's creating a buzz (rockin crawfish oakland) which is like.
 across the street.
  But back to the reason for this review.
 Portal!.
 Service - 5/5.
 Food - 5/5.
 Beer 100/5 :D.
 The Warriors played this day so this place went from like empty to packed house in like a 10 min span.
  Not to mention my NY Yankees were playing as well so.
 I was indeed having a great day.
  My homie and I started with some 805's (beer) with bbq and hot wings for starters.
  Of you've had 805 before, its a pretty good light beer made here in cali, it really compliments light foods in my opinion.
  The wings were prefect! Fried just right, the sauces were just enough and not overbearing.
  Plus the prices were pretty good on the food and beer here as well (see my my pics for prices and menu shots!) oh.
 and if you get a pitcher of the "Lost Abbey Cuvee de Tomme 11% abv" be prepared to take a "Uber or Lyft" home :D.
 Will I go back?.
 In a heartbeat!.
 In conclusion, this place is perfect for hanging out, happy hour, dates, shenanigans and just chillaxing.
  And with the Patio, I'm sure the ambiance at night is just pretty ill with Lake Merrit as the backdrop.
  I say if you've bookedmarked this place before, I would say give it a go! You will like it here! Of not.
 you just hard to please! :D As always yelp your own experience.
 Oakland you have a winner! My first time at this place & I loved everything about this hipster spot.
 We got there right at 10am when they opened.
  I can see where the wait can be a little long especially if you want to sit on the patio (which has a gorgeous view of Lake Merit).
 Everyone at the table had a little bit of everything.
  The Migas, The Drunk Bread, Guacamole, French Toast.
  We loved all the food.
  I will definitely be back next time I am in town.
 Oh yeah.
 cannot forget the bottomless Mimosas!.
 On the outskirts of Lake Merrit, you will find that this little pub/beer garden pleasantly awaits you.
  You really can't beat Portal's back patio.
  Especially because, the inside of Portal isn't huge - think a few tables and a bar.
  That back patio, tho.
  Communal seating - so, think beer garden steez.
  I've been a few times at wonky hours, think 3:30 looking for brunch and sadly, they stick to dining hours for food, although you can always order drinks and items like fries and such.
  Another huge pro about Portal is their beer list.
  Craft beer aficionnados, you will not be disappointed.
 I've had their bloody mary and it's good, not the best, but real solid.
  As always, more accoutrements, please.
  And to my surprise, no vodka in this bad boy, soju only.
  Just an fyi if you happen to be a BM purist.
  They do offer some bottomless mimosa deals during weekend brunch hours, but you'll have to go inquire about prices.
 Most recently for lunch, I was pleasantly surprised with how much I enjoyed my cobb salad and the surprise happy ending.
  No, not that one, ya scumbags.
  There's a delicious, almost pizza like dough that serves as the bottom layer of the salad.
  Score.
  A pretty hefty salad that isn't cheap at $14, but quite filling and freshly filled with juicy chicken, crisp bacon, eggs and so on; pretty much the most unhealthy salad on earth.
  Yep, that's me.
  Other items that piqued my fancy: the burger, the garbage bread, the meatball sub and those fries looked mighty fine.
 Go.
  Drink beer.
  Enjoy that Oakland sunshine and eat!.
 I've  not been in awhile they've been pretty busy which is awesome for them, so I went in today and it's just gotten soo casual in service to a point of rude.
 The glass was dirty and the server was poignantly rude by rolling he's eyes slightly when asked for a new one ya know what, I left,I've had enough of Portals slight distain.
  I adored portal when they first set foot in the space wasabi once was but now sits a pissy example of they're former selves,polite cool,easy,clean selves.
 Now it seems like any other place overblown semi ok food staff who seems put out by the customers of which I should add wasn't at capacity so I was surprised at the very lack of any service.
  I've actually wanted to say this last bit for a while about the food the last few times we'd gone in it just seemed lacking undercooked food mostly.
  I'm bummed I really did like this place.
 We got to the restaurant 20 minutes before it opened for saturday brunch and there was already a huge line.
  I think a lot of the line is for those who want to sit outside on a beautiful sunny Oakland day.
  And even with the line, they'll offer to get your brunch drink started.
 Service was amazing.
  I wish I remembered the name of the fella that served us but he was incredibly helpful, patient and attentive.
  Portions are HUGE so order accordingly.
 We go the bottomless mimosa and their pours are SERIOUS.
  it's pretty much champagne with a tiny splash of OJ.
  Seth Rogan looking bartender: you are on point.
  My faves in terms of food:.
 Garbage Bread- it's a pizza burito.
  get the meat one.
  get it.
  eat it.
  you're welcome.
 Stuffed Challah French Toast- I thought i was done eating but my arm was still shoveling it in my face.
 Tempeh Hash- we got it with poached eggs and goat cheese.
  perfect recommendation.
 Definitely will be coming back to enjoy the rest of the menu and the ambience outside!.
 The door is an actual porthole.
  Talk about puns!!.
 I actually had a difficult time opening the door because it was so heavy lol and then I started questioning if that was even was the door in the first place.
  To my embarrassment, it was! You just need to pull a little harder then normal.
  I was visiting a friend and local native at Portal for a quick beer and a much needed catch up.
  We were seated right away and the place had a lot of character! They have a wide selection of beer and wine and a phenomenal happy hour.
 The server was cheery and helpful--he recommended the steak which was cooked to perfection! It was so tender and the seasoning was nothing like I've ever had before.
  My mouth is watering just thinking about it! It's definitely a steak I will never forget.
  We had some veggies on the side which were asparagus and several different types of squash that were in season--a perfect pairing with the steak.
  The meal was very filling and we ended up sitting there talking for hours.
 It started getting busy around 8pm and people were rolling in for drinks.
  This is a fantastic place if you live nearby and want to grab drinks after work.
  I'm so jealous that there isn't one near me in Sacramento! Their employees are friendly and made spot-on recommendations about the food and drinks.
 Alright Portal, you surprised me last night.
  I've eaten there seeeeeeveral times and was meh about the food.
  But last night, my ravioli was #onpoint though.
  Dude ate the meatball sammy which came with a heaaaaalthy portion of greens.
  Thanks for keeping it healthy.
  You always have an excellent selection of beers.
  While neither of us had any of the Brewery doing the tap takeover, I love that you were a supporter of beer week.
 The three stars because in all of my other experiences there, the food was okay.
  So perhaps the dinner entrees are just better than the brunch? I'll have to go again before I can leave a higher rating for that.
  Also, it closes at 11 and there's not a full bar.
  I understand but hey.
 sometimes I just need a shot of vodka.
  ;).
 But it's a cute spot to go and have a few brews with the homies yo.
  With a large patio and hopefully running heat lamps on cold days, it's a nice spot to go near the lake or after Rockin Crawfish.
 I learned a very important lesson during my visit to Portal Restaurant: never visit an establishment that has multiple signs posted on the front of the building advertising the need and higher for chefs.
  After a twenty minute wait to be seated on an early Saturday night, we were guided to four seats at a community table.
  I think the draw of Portal or many is the large outdoor patio with views of Lake Merritt, is truly is picturesque.
  The adult beverage list is fairly average for the area (although they claim to be a "beer garden" their selection and simply lack of beer menus makes me question this claim), their dinner menu is set with several appetizer and entree items but is not extensive.
 We ordered sharing plates for four people which included:.
 *ricotta bites: as delicious as they sound, fried on the outside, cheesy on the inside.
  Portion came with four bites and a marinara sauce (sauce to bites ratio was off, request more sauce if you ever see your waitress!).
 *cesar salad: OK, covered with parmesan cheese and house-made croutons, large portion but lacked flavor and dressing to lettuce ratio was off.
 *brussels sprouts: Good, but damn, I feel like a good home-chef should be able to whip up some taste brussels, and these aren't any better than what I can make a home.
 *garbage bread: Best part of the meal, hands down! Tasty, flavorful, crispy and chewy: this is their signature dish.
  It's served with a the same marinara sauce sauce as the ricotta bites and a overly powerful pesto sauce that I'd recommend skipping.
  Try to get extra marinara sauce when the food is dropped off.
 *chicken wings: This was the most disappointing part of the evening.
  We received our chicken wings (granted, our dishes were coming out in stages, so they weren't rushing to prepare everything at the same time) and the chicken was RAW.
  We pointed it out to our waitress, she said "yes, that's raw!" and returned it to the kitchen.
  Not acknowledgment more from her, no visit from the chef or manager, simply embarrassing and a terrible way to conduct business.
  The only acknowledgement from our waitress (who practically abandoned our table!) was if we'd like to order something else instead.
  The chicken wings weren't included on the check but our replacement item was.
 *garlic fries: (replacement for chicken) very lackluster, they're the a-typical garlic fry of every restaurant out there.
 I believe that Portal has been nights, but I'd stay far away until they have consistency in the kitchen.
  If you see that they're hiring chefs, RUN!.
 Coming for a weekend brunch? Expect a wait - everyone wants to eat here! We came here on a rainy day and even then, there was a long line of people waiting for some brunch food.
 PARKING: Street parking - plenty! We were able to find street parking no problem.
 SEATING: Indoor & outdoor seating available (but when it's raining, only indoor seating available).
  Not very many tables inside which is probably why there's a long line.
 BAR: There's a bar also! You can grab a drink while you're waiting for your table.
  Weekend brunch calls for AYCD mimosas from opening til 1pm!.
 FOOD: Soooo many great options! I had the Portal Benedict (you can add ham, bacon, or avocado for an extra $3).
  You won't go wrong with any of the choices on the menu! Other highlights are the Corned Beef Hash.
  We're in to try the Garbage Bread next time - we didn't want any leftovers this time.
 A-okay Portal! We'll be back :) Maybe on a sunny day so we can enjoy some brunch and a stroll around Lake Merritt.
 Portal is a gem in Oakland! It's located right next to Lake Merritt and from the outside seating, you can get a pretty nice view of the lake.
  Came here during an off hour between lunch and dinner! The waiter was super nice and accommodating, letting us pick wherever we wanted to sit outside.
 We started off by ordering two beers.
  They have a pretty good variety of standard mixes and other interesting flavors.
  The waiter helped make recommendations depending on our tastes of dark, light, and so on.
 We ordered the meat garbage bread (Yelp told me to, so I had to!!) and the garlic bread meatball sub.
  The meatballs were recommended but I love garlic bread so I figured why not mix the two of those together! The garlic bread meatball sub also came with a side salad.
  Those two orders were more than enough for the two of us and we actually had some leftover.
 I definitely recommend the garbage bread.
  Don't let the name fool you.
 it's definitely not garbage! The garbage bread was a treasure.
  I loved the cheese melted on top and the inside was stuffed with delicious goodies.
  The meatball garlic sub was good but not incredibly impressive.
  Maybe it's because I'm not too big of a fan of meatballs to begin with.
  It was definitely good but just wasn't as mind blowing as the garbage bread.
 I plan on coming back to Portal for brunch sometime so I heard there's a great unlimited mimosa option and they have an amazing menu for breakfast! This is a great place to grab a quick bite to eat before a baseball game (which we did)!.
 I can't think of one bad time here at Portal.
  It's always a good time! From brunch to dinner, all times of the day are great at this place.
  Love brunch on the patio because of all the natural sunlight that fills the backyard and love dinner on the patio too because they crank up the jams and it's beautifully lit with string lights to set the ambiance.
 Recs: Lunch- herbed garlic fries are incredible (what's in that frying oil?!), Turkey Mini Burger is my fave out all their sliders.
 Brunch- must try their polenta!.
 Dinner- Turkey Meatballs, no need to add pasta if you're looking for a carb-less entree, so hearty and deliciously tender.
  Fried Brussel Sprouts, the smell is intoxicating.
 I missed out on the bottomless mimosa but glad I ordered Mr.
  Pickles! Portal pickle their own garnishes and boy did they all go well with the spicy drink!.
 We came around 11 on a Saturday and wait was about 20 minutes.
  This was right before the brunch rush and one of the Warriors playoffs! Would have love to enjoy their outside patio which was spacious but pretty exposed to the sun.
  So we sat at the bar with our awesome female bartender/server, enjoyed our food and watched the Warriors kicked the Rockets booties till they were red!.
 Ordered:.
 1.
  House coffee - strong and good.
 2.
  Mr.
  Pickles - obsessed with it.
 3.
  Portal Benedict - never had it on grilled polenta before so it was a unique taste.
  Good but very filling.
 4.
  BF and I were so full but decided to be pigs and stuffed ourselves more with the Stuffed Challah French toast.
  Also good but there was something else other then the ricotta filling in between those bread.
  Not sure if it was banana or plantain.
 which I'm not a big fan of.
 Other then that, for a bar that serves food.
 Portal got my vote as a go-to spot for brunch or just a drink on their patio!.
 Everything about this place is Meh.
 The food, service, ambiance.
  It's all meh.
  I'm sure hipsters love this place.
 Had my birthday dinner here on a Friday night.
  We were greeted and sat quickly.
 We tried the Sonoma bourbon cider ($6) prairie bomb beer ($12) for drinks.
  The cider came in a bottle along with a glass.
  It was okay, not as good as I had hopped.
  The prairie bomb was a dark beer.
  I normally hate dark beer due to the bitterness.
  This one was great.
  We took down the name so we can find it later.
 For dinner we ordered the meat garbage bread ($15) 2- sliders ($13) and BBQ frites ($8) When the food came I noticed the sliders weren't the ones we ordered.
  Our server didn't come by for some time so we ate the garbage bread which was fabulous and the fries were great with the dipping sauces.
  When I told our server about the slider error I asked to just have it removed from the bill since we were too stuffed to eat anymore.
 The server came back with our bill and said the manager gave a little discount ($3.
 90) due to the mix up.
  That was a nice gesture.
 The atmosphere has dim lighting, nice outdoor area and bar.
  Hipster kind of place,.
 No hard alcohol available.
  Cocktails are made with suju.
  Beer and wine available.
 Here's the deal: I hate waiting in long lines.
  In my experience, to avoid that and still eat breakfast here, you basically have to get here and wait for them to open.
  For me, that means getting my butt out of bed and being outside before 8am on a Saturday.
 BUT, here is what I will say.
 - I'm that overly discerning jerk who cares about how my eggs are poached when I go to breakfast or brunch and they do them perfectly here.
 - the coffee is delish and plentiful (Highwire, I believe).
 - the potatoes are a mix of shredded hash and chunkier potato bits, nice and crispy (if it's not obvious from that description.
  they're great).
 - their biscuits are great, sweet or savory.
 4 stars instead of 5 because I've had a couple misses here.
  I think it was when they had first opened up.
  In any case, I think most folks will find something they'll like on the menu.
 've had pretty much everything on their menu, and every item is so great and delicious.
  Um, delicious coffee (Highwire), delish micheladas, delish food and pastries.
  Obviously it sucks to wait in line, but whatever- this is the Bay Area.
  Get used to it.
  I like to get there early and beat the later crowd.
 And please send whoever designed the space my way--beautiful!!!.
 Weekday late brunch: Nailed it.
 This spot is a total gem, nestled in the Laurel District serving up some really upscale, but down home eats.
  Mostly breakfast, but don't fret, they do have some lunch options as well.
  All their breads and pastries are made in house, they serve organic eggs and all meats are antibiotic and hormone free.
  My health does matter, thank you very much!.
 My goat cheese omelet ($13) was what dreams are made of: a fluffy omelet oozing with goat cheese, snap peas, asparagus, garlic and spring onions.
  I inhaled it.
  In addition to this perfect egg dish, were some crispy potatoes, salad and perfectly toasted homemade bread with house made jam.
  DAYUUUUMMMMM.
  Writing this review is taking back to pure eating bliss.
 Coffee was solid and prices are fair for portion sizes and service was lovely.
  Granted, it wasn't busy at all, but this spot is a neighborhood joint and service is to match.
  I can imagine some frustration during those weekend hours, but well worth the wait; I loved everything about Sequoia Diner.
 Items I will be returning for: strawberry cream cheese danish, the beef hash and that cubano sandwich.
  Sign me up.
 A new and not-so-much longer hidden gem in Oakland's Laurel District that is the perfect place for a weekend brunch on one of those sunny days that Oakland is famous for! I am a real fan of this great neighborhood diner where everything is homemade from their pastries to their jams in addition to their classic dishes for brunch.
  And Sequoia Diner lives up the hype that's been expressed from so many reviews and images posted from my fellow Yelpers!.
 I actually found out about Sequoia Diner due to the fact it seemed like it was on Yelp's "New Businesses in East Bay" for an eternity! It actually opened about a year ago, replacing the long-standing Full House Cafe, by a local husband and wife duo who wanted to stay loyal to the neighborhood with their seasonal brunch classics served all morning until mid-afternoon.
  There is so much buzz for Sequoia Diner that wait times can be quite long for brunch and parking on MacArthur Avenue and the surrounding area can be quite dicey.
  So plan ahead it you don't mind waiting.
  Luckily, I had friends who were eager enough to get there early and put our names down and patient enough for me to get there just a wee bit late.
 Once we were sat in their patent leather booths, we each knew what we wanted.
  (I had been doing enough research from my fellow Yelper's images and reviews to know what to order and what to pass up.
 ) We knew we all had to get the highly-recommended Pecan Sticky Buns and at $3.
 75 each it's a good deal, so much so, the three of us ordered two buns to share.
  I found them not too sweet or sticky with the perfect amount of cinnamon, sugar and topped with an abundance of chopped pecans.
  It's a perfect accompaniment to your coffee.
 As for my main dish, I knew that some Sequoia Diner plates were heavier than others, but I also wanted to taste some of the best and unique dishes that they have to offer to get a read on how they prepare their meals here.
  So I went with the Country Breakfast with its biscuit and gravy, collared greens, hash browns and two eggs made to order.
  Although obviously heavy, my dish was solid, I especially loved the creamy gravy, warm biscuit, and hash browns.
  You could tell with the first bite how much homemade goodness was put into your meal.
  Despite being constantly busy, the service for the most part was attentive and there was constant turnover of the tables and counter-tops, made the flow of service that much more pleasant.
 Sequoia Diner is your classic mom-and-pop owned and operated American breakfast joint with modern day sustainable and locavore sensibilities.
  Their eclectic menu makes me want to come back for more, everything sounds so familiar yet so unique that it seems like you can't go wrong.
  I can't wait to return one day to see how Sequoia Diner continues to build upon their success in a loyal and foodie loving neighborhood.
 I never loved brunch much, always made me feel comatose and heavy afterwards.
   SD has the sweetspot between comfort and fresh.
 If you're ordering to-go, it's a good idea to call ahead, it took upwards of 30 minutes to get my order, there isn't much seating for those waiting, I ordered a coffee to hold me over while waiting, comes in super cute beige/brown cups, reminds me of the 70s and 80s.
   Such a pleasant throwback to a simpler time.
 LOVED the Red Flannel Hash.
   Perfectly poached eggs, kraut to cut the richness, cubes of al dente beets and potatoes.
   They don't take substitutions.
   I wanted to swap out one of the eggs for some chard, but had to order it separately.
   Sour cream was mysteriously left off - perfect, I was going to omit it anyways.
 Homemade sourdough toast were a nice counterpart to the meal.
   Comes pre-buttered.
 If you're there after 11AM, there are additional items you can order, got an asparagus, pea, arugula salad.
   Sounds simple but the details were there: toasted almonds, slices of orange/blood orange, kumquats and pickled green beans.
   Wonderful.
 Will be my mid-day treat going forward.
   Everything seasoned well.
   Carefully and expertly prepared.
   So nice to have this quality of food available.
   4 items: $35 including tax/tip.
 I love brunch but I don't always love brunch food.
   So, it is no surprise that my hunt for the perfect local brunch spot has extended well into my second year in Oakland.
   I'm pleased to report the search is over.
   Sequoia elevates humble breakfast staples -- not with a bunch of unnecessary frippery -- but by paying exquisite attention to the details.
   Baked items are made in house including the incredible fresh biscuits.
   The menu rotates with interesting seasonal specials.
   On one visit, the loco moco had an incredibly rich shortrib gravy.
   On the next, appetizers included chicken liver toasts with chicken cracklings and fig jam.
   Good, simple food, presumably inspired by the personal tastes and whims of the chef (as well as the season) and made with heart and smarts.
 I don't understand the long wait for this restaurant.
  The food is good, but not especially amazing.
  I'd say it is pretty normal American food.
  Perhaps my wife and I missed out by not getting any of their baked goods.
 When I saw Hazel's pictures from Sequoia Diner less than a month ago, I knew I needed to get myself over here soon.
   Apparently I was not quick enough as word is out and an hour long wait seemed to be the constant on a Sunday morning.
 Upon arrival, since no one was up front, I grabbed a pen and was about to put my name down on the list but a few seconds later discovered that they have a hostess taking names and got my 1 hour wait estimate.
   They do allow you to buy a coffee to enjoy outside while you wait so this non coffee drinker did the next best thing and ordered a sticky bun to go making the wait more bearable.
   It was love at first bite as it was not overly sweet and enough pecans with each bite.
 We were seated within 45 minutes allowing me to digest that sticky bun freeing up stomach space to fully enjoy their breakfast plates.
   I already had my eye on the beef hash with poached eggs which was just a plate of beautiful flavors.
  Slight saltiness of the beef hash paired with the tartness from the pickled cabbage topped with the creaminess of the poached eggs and the final punch of the arugula will have you scraping up every morsel.
   Since hubby didn't realize that the Red Flannel Hash did not already come with meat (bacon can be added for a charge), he did end up polishing off at least 1/3 of my beef hash and slice of my bread to be satisfied (good thing I was pre-fortified with that sticky bun).
   I had a bite of his Red Flannel Hash which had great flavors as well for a vegetarian option but I do prefer the Beef Hash one.
 I thought the Coconut Thai Ice Tea was good and smooth with the coconut milk but like Hazel, felt like the tea flavor was way too light.
   I rather use that $4 for another sticky bun!!.
 What a dream on MacArthur.
  Their hours are limited (sad face!) but if you can make it out here for brunch, YOU MUST!!!! Yep, this place is multiple exclamation point good.
  My second visit was this morning at 8 am on the dot (mind you, daylight savings time just happened so it's really like 7 am and it was raining) and there were a few hungry peeps waiting outside to come in.
 It is absolutely worth starting every meal here with a pecan sticky bun.
  Warm and fluffy, and most importantly, totally shareable.
  I'm telling you, you cannot be mad about anything in life after eating one of these.
  It's like napping in a field with a hundred lambs.
  And the coffee? Fill 'er up! They frequently make rounds to top you off of the dark, delicious brew.
 I haven't strayed from the Country Breakfast.
  I just can't! Eggs any style, biscuit with gravy, hashbrowns, collard greens.
  I could not design a better breakfast.
  I am a serious biscuit snob (they're so simple and yet people somehow ruin the simplicity of it) and I can say, Sequoia rocks the biscuit.
  It's like the Pat Benatar of biscuits.
  Eventually I will try their huevos rancheros.
 The diner is bright, inviting, and has that Northern Oakland vibe.
  They were smart about the design of the tables, where you can easily transition seating from 2 to larger groups.
  However, this place is definitely not huge, so I have no idea how long it would take to accommodate a larger party during prime time.
  Meanwhile, it's a perfect location for my 1:1 time with my besties.
 Skip Montclair's subpar spots, and give Sequoia Diner a shot.
 I'd had this bookmarked for a while, but ventured into the Laurel District in East Oakland for the first time this morning.
  I was surprised to see that none of my trusted East Bay Yelpers had reviewed this place but was excited to give it a whirl.
 We arrived around 8:30 and found the place mostly full, but were able to grab the last available booth with no wait.
  It has that diner charm, with a long bar counter and several booths along the wall.
  This isn't the place to bring a large group, but it is perfectly cozy for 2 or 4.
  There are several adorable waitresses that were super friendly, greeting you on the way in and out, and keeping the coffee coming.
  I loved the positive vibe.
 I like that they keep the menu relatively simple, with several classics, and a few twists.
  No kids menu here, per se, but my boys were happy with their pastries.
 a pecan roll and the strawberry cream cheese danish.
  They stood on their own as a small breakfast, but would be equally nice as a shared starter while you wait on the main event.
 I was thrilled with the mushroom and spinach scramble which, like their other egg dishes, come with some perfectly cooked and seasoned potatoes, some excellent sourdough toast, and a small rocket salad.
  Seemingly simple, but it leaves you wondering why you can't do 'em that perfect at home.
 The Highwire brewed coffee wasn't my favorite, but it did the trick and my cup was never empty or cold.
 All in all, a real winner that will get added to the Sunday rotation!.
 I was sold when I saw that they have Pecan Sticky Buns!  I love sticky buns and for some reason, it's really hard to find it in the Bay Area.
   I used to get them at Berkeley Bowl, but they don't have it anymore.
   I'm also very particular about my sticky buns.
   Often the dough is not soft enough, it is too sweet or there is too much cinnamon.
   Sequoia Diner's Pecan Sticky Bun is perfect in all respects and the price is right too.
   $3.
 75 for one is quite reasonable.
   It's a nice size, so two people can easily share one.
  We ended up ordering one with our breakfast, and I took their last one to go.
   It'll go great with my coffee tomorrow morning!.
 We did have other breakfast items as well.
   My husband ordered the Beef Hash dish which came with a couple of perfectly poached eggs, pickled beets, arugula salad and carrots.
   His plate was very colorful, and most importantly, the beef hash was delicious.
   He loved it and he was nice enough to let me taste it.
 I had the Biscuits and Gravy with a side of sausage.
  As I already had half of a sticky bun, I thought I'd just order a couple of sides and skip a big entree.
   The biscuit was quite large and it was flaky, tender and buttery.
   It came with a nice amount of gravy.
   The gravy was a little under seasoned, so I had to add some salt and pepper on top.
   The sausages were perfect with the Biscuit and Gravy.
   You can tell that the sausages were house made and thankfully they weren't salty.
 As for beverages, I ordered Coconut Thai Iced Tea and the hubby had the Decaf Highwire.
   We brew Highwire Coffee at home, so we were happy to see that on their menu.
   I was really glad they use coconut milk for their Thai Iced Tea.
   It was really good, though I'd like to have a stronger tea flavor.
 There was a wait when we got there around 10:45.
   We waited for about half hour.
  They pretty much have a constant stream of diners, so expect to wait if you go here on weekends.
   Service is very friendly and I really appreciate that everything is made in house.
   We will definitely go back!.
 If you're in the neighborhood and the wait isn't crazy, check it out.
 We knew there wasn't a full espresso menu so put our names in and got lattes across the street at World Ground.
  It made the wait of about 35 minutes enjoyable.
 As others have said, there's another significant wait to get your order and it's loud inside but neither were a problem for us.
  It was nice not to be rushed and I enjoyed watching the openness of the kitchen prep area.
 The blood orange juice was delightfully tart.
  I'm usually partial to big fluffy waffles but I was really digging the thin crispness of theirs.
  The potatoes were smashed-style and solid.
  The huevos rancheros with chorizo were overpowered by the bold flavor of the sauce but I do appreciate how they make everything in-house, including the meat.
 I really enjoyed coming here for their brunch.
  Thank goodness I came with friends so that I can taste their dish as well!.
 One thing I did not like was that we had to wait for an hour to get a table.
  But then again, what do you expect for Sunday brunch right?!?.
 I order their coconut Thai iced tea and I thought it was just the right amount of sweetness.
  I believe my friend was indifferent about the drink though.
  My hubby got the matcha almond iced latte and I thought it was OK but he liked it.
  He did get less honey in the drink so if he got it the normal way, I probably would have liked it more.
 I ordered their Country Breakfast and that was good, not great.
  It came with a biscuit and sausage gravy, two eggs, greens, and potatoes.
  The highlight for this entree was the biscuit since it was so freakin' moist, soft, buttery! I tried my friend's beef hash and I so liked his dish more than mine.
 I'd definitely come back here for their pastries, beef hash, and biscuits!.
 Sequoia, the new home of the now long-gone and super mediocre Full House, is a little gem of a hipster haven worth pushing past the throngs of screaming toddlers and hoards of impatient soon-to-be patrons for.
  It's pretty good.
  Serving up the usual diner fare with their own flare and fancy (and a bit of a price hike, juheard?), Sequoia aims to please by grabbing you in with something you're familiar with and getting a good grip on you with their unique flavors.
  I usually storm the joint on a Sunday or Saturday morning with m'ladies, but today's dolo trip offered a more reflective experience and prompted me to step outside of my usual "two eggs and toast with avo on the side" comfort zone.
 I was surprised to find when I walked up around 10 A.
 M.
  on a Wednesday that the diner already had a significant crowd outside.
  They didn't have pitchforks just yet but they looked like they were hungry enough to turn into an angry mob.
  Luckily, I signed in with the lovely hostess and was at a counter seat within ten minutes.
  Once seated, I ordered a mimosa and decided today was the day I'd get jiggy with that Red Flannel Hash I had heard so much about and constantly peered over people's heads to get a better look at.
  I also decided to forego the sliced sourdough in favor of a biscuit so I could finally weigh in on those, as I've heard they're pretty good here.
 My mimosa was sad and unimpressive, mostly because the orange juice seemed suspect.
  But the Red Flannel Hash and the biscuit both surpassed my expectations! The Red Flannel Hash is one of those textural and flavor landscapes I live for: warm, crunchy, soft and runny meets savory, sweet, tart and buttery.
  The pickled cabbage that comes with the hash is equal parts culinary genius and just damned good pairing for a poached egg and hash combo.
  I didn't really get into the sour cream glob on the side but I'm not a sour cream girl.
 The biscuit is just as buttery and flaky and scrumptious as you've heard.
  But the nuances of seasonality scalded me: I got stuck with cranberry preserves, which were pretty gross.
  Still, the biscuit remained sweet and resilient in the face of something so bitter, as we all should.
  Life lessons, brought to you by Sequoia Diner.
 A great new spot for the best breakfast in town!  You gotta be patient though, as there is always a wait.
   Just put your name on the list and have a cuppa.
 Farm fresh greens and in house biscuits can't be beat!  I have tried the country breakfast and the Benedict - both excellent!  The potatoes are amazing and crispy _ you won't be disappointed!.
 If you have time for a leisurely wait and want your coffee cup "warmed up" as you hang out with the Laurel District gentrifiers, this is your spot.
 At prime time there's quite a wait and the parking shituation  is very competitive on MacArthur.
  The coffee? So-so.
  Are you hungry? The kitchen isn't as speedy as it should be, but "have some more coffee.
 ".
 Been here a few times and this premium-priced trendy breakfast spot serves up great food but is a bit over-hyped.
  The original vision is pretty good.
  Hopefully, they can get more efficient to make the wait and price with the visit.
  Still, it's a four star cafe.
 11/20/15.
  Breakfast.
 This feels like Valencia Street in San Francisco.
  A diner serves modern twists of traditional breakfast.
  The well-lit space has a dining encounter, booths and tables.
  The tables are also reminiscent of the city--they are packed pretty tight.
  Service is quick and friendly.
 *Golden Waffle ($7.
 50) is thin eggo-like topped with candied apples.
  It's the kind of waffle we prefer, not the thick Belgian kind.
 *Spinach and Mushroom Scramble ($12) is the only scramble on the menu so here it is.
  It's perfectly done with runny scrambled egg woven evenly with spinach and fresh mushrooms.
  I'm not a cheese person usually but the Swiss is not overpowering and adds flavor to the egg.
  Served with arugula salad, fried potato and a thick buttered toast.
  Hearty and tasty.
 Coffee is constantly refilled.
  It's from Hot Wire.
  They also gave fresh-squeezed orange juice.
  The homemade goods for the day are cranberry scone ($3) and pecan sticky bun ($3.
 50) both of which are tempting.
 Berkeley appears to be bleeding into Oakland, as this locally owned and sourced cafe felt like a place you would expect to find about twenty minutes north of this location.
  I've never been to Laurel before, but it's one of those transitional, culturally diverse neighborhoods where you could have a cup of artisan coffee one minute but you feel a need to keep staring at your car while it's parked on the street.
  It's a Temescal-in-waiting, and if it does become the East Bay's next gourmet ghetto, you can thank the husband-and-wife team of Andrew Vennari and Sequoia Broderson who opened this comfy-cozy spot which drew quite a few for breakfast on Saturday morning (photo: bit.
 ly/1L2zRnZ).
 As usual in Oakland, I was done with my haircut and found myself here in a peckish state.
  Although it was only about a ten-minute wait for me, I was surprised by the constant stream of people looking to dine here since it's fairly nondescript from the outside.
  However, I could tell why the attraction by the eclectic selection of breakfasts on the menu including a $13 Huevos Rancheros and the same-priced Shakshuka, an Israeli-originated melange of squash, peppers, garbanzo beans, lebni (kefir cheese) and poached eggs.
  That all sounded appetizing, but I adhered to the Patriot Act and ordered the all-American-sounding Beef Hash (also $13), certainly not a Hormel Mary Kitchen canned creation by any stretch.
 It consisted of shredded slow-braised beef chuck mashed up and fried on the griddle with potatoes.
  You could barely see it on the plate because it was covered by big shavings of raw carrots, arugula and a pair of poached eggs with homemade rye toast on the side (photo: bit.
 ly/1WEvNpS).
  It looked almost downright healthy but not really, just tasty in a Berkeley commune kind of way with a bit of a kick from a dusting of horseradish.
  As much as I like this dish - and I did - I have to admit it was overshadowed by the sheer flakiness of the freshly baked $3.
 25 Strawberry Scone (photo: bit.
 ly/1NieroA).
  Worth every penny and perfectly complemented by the slightly overpriced $2.
 75 cup of Highwire Coffee (photo: bit.
 ly/1Nz1w6h).
  Now where is Laurel again?.
 FOOD - 4 stars.
 bold, fresh flavors for such dinerish fare with a standout scone.
 AMBIANCE - 3.
 5 stars.
 nice, all-white interior (I mean the walls, not the people.
 sort of) in a neighborhood still looking for its identity.
 SERVICE - 4 stars.
 very friendly and attentive server.
 TOTAL - 4 stars.
 coming back for the Shakshuka.
 but seriously, where's Laurel again?.
 Everything we have ordered came out delicious! The sticky buns were made so you can dream about them when you are hungry ! it s packed up weekends but the best time is during the week.
  I am soon happy this dinner is in the Laurel district a few blocks from my house.
 Good job!.
 When my old roommate from college decided she wanted eggs for breakfast, Montclair Egg Shop seemed like a very logical answer to her hunger.
  There ended up being a 40 minute wait when we showed up at 12 pm on a Saturday, but that led us to exploring the area for the first time (spoiler: there isn't much to do, but there IS a really good bookstore in the area).
 THE BASICS.
 + It's a very old-fashioned sort of place, like a dusty diner, but in the best possible way.
 + At least 50% of the menu (if not more) focuses on eggs (logically so) - meaning you should really order something with eggs.
 + Service is pretty fast considering how slammed they get for brunch.
 + Their egg creations are quite good (egg shop ham & cheese potato pancakes ftw).
 It's kind of amazing that this place has been around and in business for 42 years - definitely a solid place!.
 thought my friend meant "eggslut" when he suggested this place, but either way it's fantastic.
  Our server was Antonio and he's just the sweetest thing; genuinely cared about our time there.
 It took me a while to order because I couldn't decide between the french toast or the crêpes, but I thoroughly enjoyed my french toast.
  The ambiance is quaint and mellow, much like the rest of the street outside.
 All in all: service was great, brunch was lovely, and despite their lack of variety in coffee, I definitely recommend this place.
 Ah the egg shop.
  This place seems like an iconic part of Montclair.
 The service is good.
  We came here after my best friend had a minor surgery, and were immediately greeted warmly and seated.
  The hostess took our drink orders, and when we hadn't received them by the time our waiter showed up, he immediately ran to do it himself.
  Very cool.
  To the hostesses' credit, it was super busy, and she apologized.
 The food is.
 okay.
  I opted for chilequiles and was a bit disappointed.
  For one, the eggs were over soft- no choice as to how to cook them, and the salsa was bland.
  The quest fresco was rubbery.
  I went from excited to "I can barely eat this" pretty quickly.
 My best friend got a large waffle with whipped cream.
  She said it was pretty damned good.
  Portion sizes are relatively large.
 Basic breakfast.
  Nothing fancy.
  I don't think I'd spend the money to come back.
 Very nice people working here though.
  The service is good.
 Ohmygoodness!.
 This place is beyond cute.
  It's located in their cute little downtown.
 Has a "small-town" vibe to it.
 Walking in - the décor reminded me of Leavenworth in WA - Bavarian.
  SUPER CUTE!.
 You sign-in at the notepad they have at the podium & have a seat.
 There isn't necessarily a hostess - someone behind the counter, cooking was the one that told me to put my name down.
 We were seated immediately - there was no one in front of us - so that could be lucky for us.
 There is ample seating & the restaurant looks a lot smaller than it really is.
 They took our drink orders quickly but took a little longer to take our food orders.
 The food did come quickly though - a PLUS in case you're super hungry.
 I ordered one of their specials - Garden Omelet which had asparagus, zucchini, spinach, & a bunch of other stuff.
 I honestly took a couple bites & knew that it wasn't my cup o' tea.
 My whole omelet tasted like asparagus.
  Sure, it wouldn't bother me so much but it was just really bland -_-.
 No flavor whatsoever.
 Oh! I substituted the potato fries for fruit - as usual it cost extra.
 Oh, my friend ordered bacon on the side & they charged her 4 dollars.
  Just FYI.
 All in all - I wasn't really impressed.
  Sad to say, I took the omelet home but pretty much threw it away & made my own omelet.
 One of thine partner in crimes and I had a hankering for a tasty brunch experience and a tall glass'a mimosa to start our New Year off right.
  I'm not ashamed to admit that I called several other eateries first to see how long the wait time was (and whether they served alcohol) before we ended up here.
  The wait was about 35 minutes, giving us plenty of time to determine what we would be eating before we were seated.
 I chose two eggs scrambled with jack cheese, home fries, an english muffin and a side of avocado.
  My accomplice dined on the Egg Shop's signature Ham, Cheese & Potato Pancake, which comes with scrambled eggs.
  With the exception of my "Home Fried Potatoes", the meal was pretty good.
  The potatoes were greasy, undercooked and inedible so I didn't touch them.
  My friend said that her potato pancake was good and didn't suffer from the grease problem that my home freezies did.
  The jealousy was flagrant but I was still happy for her.
  Plus I was too focused on the delicious pomegranate mimosa in front of me.
 Our server was Adolfo and he was totally attentive, super sweet and didn't make us feel rushed or act irritated even though by the time we were seated the place was pretty much closed.
  And who wouldn't want to get the hell out of their job on New Year's Day? Thanks again!.
 I had the Belgium waffle topped with strawberries, bananas and whipped cream with a side of eggs and bacon.
  Everything was delicious, but I had to knock a star off because their coffee was not my favorite.
  It was bitter and just seemed old.
  It didn't taste like a freshly brewed cup of coffee and that dented my eating experience a bit.
  I'd like to bring my own in the future without being judged.
 The price was great, the ambiance was really cute.
  There's writing on the ceiling and behind the kitchen.
  Really neat place.
 Like any good brunch spot, there was a wait and for some reason my cell service was not the best here so talk amongst yourselves.
  hahaha And don't give up on checking in!!.
 The service here is always wonderful.
  All the servers and hosts are super friendly with their guests and each other.
 I always order something different but I love their "make your own" omelets.
  The coffee is good too.
  I think it'd be super cute if the upstairs were open for eating too because there's always a wait.
  But whatever, it's never more than a 15 minute wait.
  You know this place must be great if the neighboring restaurants are usually empty while people are waiting to eat here.
  Definitely a favorite!.
 So I wanted to try a new place and this place had good reviews and the food pics looked great.
  The main thing I wanted to get was the pancakes, but by the time the server came to take our order they "ran out" of pancakes.
  How do you run out of pancakes? Can't you just make more batter?.
 Going in it has a very rustic welcoming feel.
  The red brick walls and fireplace makes it more personable.
  Most tables are 2 seaters so because there were 4 of us we were seated in the back.
  It was nice and quiet.
 I ordered the Egg Shop Ham&Cheese Potato Pancake and hubby got the corned beef hash.
  The potato pancake is basically hash browns with ham and cheese which I was looking forward to.
  Unfortunately I was informed it has cilantro which it doesn't state on the menu.
  It also didn't state it contains onions and green onions which I discovered after taking my first bite.
  That's about when my gag reflex kicked in.
  Me and onions don't like each other.
  I'd never have ordered it if it said those 2 items were in there.
  Ended up eating my daughter's French toast while she ate the hubby's side order of Belgian waffle.
  Yeah they can make waffles but not pancakes.
 Hubby was not impressed by the corned beef hash.
  It was ok but was more potatoes and veggies than corned beef.
 Their soft drinks were a cup of ice with a soda can so no "refills".
  At $1.
 50-$2.
 50 a can I opted for water.
 A little pricey but ok for just me and hubby.
  Not a place we'd bring the kids because our kids eat more than their serving size.
  Lol.
 All in all it was just ok.
  I might try it again if I'm in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it and I also wouldn't recommend it to anyone just yet.
  Maybe next time.
 maybe.
 Delicious french toast and Belgian waffles :).
  With fresh strawberries and whipped cream! Their orange juice tastes freshly squeezed and all of their servers were very nice!! The ambience was chill and kind of eccentric but I liked it! Clowns and trains, and old timey things.
  My only complaint! Was one particularly creepy waiter who worked there and hit on me and my sister and stared every time he walked by.
  Not what I'm looking for with my breakfast.
 A little disappointed in this place.
  Came here on a Sunday at 10:30am.
  Limited street parking because there is a farmer's market.
  Also took 30 mins to get a table.
  Guess it's the only joint in town.
  Ordered the Benedict with crab cake and also the bloody mary with sake.
  My benedict was very disapponting.
  Eggs were overcooked.
  When I cut into them, the yolk was cooked.
  Also there was avocado skin in my meal that should have been thrown out and random peices of corn?? As for the bloody mary, there was nothing special tasting about it.
  Overall, had high hopes, but the meal was just ok.
 Came here on a Sunday morning.
   It was packed and there was a long wait.
   Food and service were both good.
   I had the Eggs Benedict with country potatoes.
   Very good!  Nice spot, highly recommended.
 Omg.
  Their jam though.
  Homemade.
 Apricot jam.
  I wanted to steal the whole jar haha! I always get their scramble which is nicely done.
  The eggs are in the runnier side and that's the way I like my eggs! It was delicious.
 I feel conflicted about giving this place only 3 stars.
  I have nothing but good memories at this neighborhood place (used to come here in high school).
  The service was wonderful but the food was pretty mediocre.
  My eggs benedict was soggy from the generous amount of hollandaise.
  Don't get me wrong, I love hollandaise with all my heart, but there is such a thing as too much.
  I could also tell that the crab cake had a ton of filler/binder.
  Kind of a nitpicky complaint, but my avocado slices were bruised (at least cut away the bruised parts).
  Bf really liked his potato pancakes though.
  Perfectly crisp and seasoned.
  Food here is like diner food but better, but only a little better.
  The plastic plates and dingy cups don't help.
 We typically go here for breakfast meetings and it is never a disappointment.
   They have a variety of breakfast items to choose from, whether you have a hankering for a standard 2 eggs and bacon breakfast or maybe a sweeter dish like waffles, or more ethnic dish like breakfast tacos, they have it here!.
 Yesterday I ordered the breakfast tacos which honestly is the best deal.
   For 8.
 95, you get two tacos with greens, bacon, and eggs how you want it, covered with salsa and a side of half an avocado.
   As you can see from the picture, it's a huge dish!.
 Great flavor and fast service.
   On the weekends though, there may be a wait.
  But, totally worth it!.
 +/- THE FOOD.
 I had really high expectations for this place seeing that it was so packed when I went.
  I ordered the chicken apple sausage scramble and a pomegranate mimosa and it was just alright.
  The scramble was rather bland and didn't have any attributes that stood out to me.
  The mimosa was definitely 80% champagne and 20% juice.
  I tasted no pomegranate whatosever.
  I also tried my friend's regular orange mimosa and same thing- too much champagne.
 + THE ENVIRONMENT.
 The place is absolutely adorable.
  It's like you stepped into a little cottage from a storybook.
  The restaurant is neatly decorated with a bunch of gadgets and gizmos like toy trains and inspirational quotes on the wall.
  The place is pretty small but very clean.
 We went to the Montclair Egg Shop this week for the first time.
  We were seated right away.
  I was hungry so I ordered the challah bread French toast and an omelette with bell peppers, mushrooms, spinach, and jack cheese.
 The omelette was your standard size and was pretty tasty.
  The French toast was just okay.
  The bread was too flat/thin and it tasted just okay.
 The prices were good and the service was good as well.
  We will return!.
 Breakfast of Champions! You know it's that good if you saw Andre Iguodala enjoying his breakfast while you were here.
  Shared the potato pancake and salmon scramble, both were delicious and hearty.
 NBA Finals MVP approved! #StrengthInNumbers #NBAChamps #Warriors.
 Service is good.
 Nice atmosphere.
 Attractive interior.
 If you are into America style breakfast no doubt it suits to your pallet.
 Vs decent European breakfast places eg in the nicer parts of London, there is way more sugar and other high glycogen index ingredients.
  such ingredients are not too my taste, leave me feeling bloated and of course contributes to putting on weight.
 scrambled eggs with salmon:-- like most America breakfast the egg was more like an omelet chopped up.
  The salmon is mixed in to the egg, which also makes it more difficult to cook to the best consistency.
 old fashioned oaks:-- expecting big fat Scottish rolled oats which typically have lots of flavour, but found them to be more like typical modern rolled oats.
  I asked for no sugar but there was shed loads of both brown sugar and honey.
  It was sweeter than a pudding.
  The oats were also overlooked and had lost all there lost form.
 they kindly took it back and brought me a version with no sugar or honey and the oats were less cooked.
 Mocha:- pleasant but massive(full size tall  glass) too sweet, suspect they use the chocolate syrup as couldn't taste much cocoa.
 All in all pretty consistent with other American breakfast places I've been to above average atmosphere.
  I'll be making my own breakfast until I discover a decent place.
 Came here a second time for dinner instead of brunch this time.
 DRINKS- Plaid on plaid drink was so good! Love those egg white drinks, and they do it well here.
 FOOD- Tried their famous fried chicken, and it was soooo juicy!! I was surprised.
  Just wish there were more vegetables since they only gave 2 pieces of asparagus with 2 giant fried chicken.
 ATMOSPHERE- modern, restaurant is small inside, so we sat outside which was quite nice.
  Lively neighborhood to grab dinner at.
 OVERALL- Awesome restaurant!.
 Sorry to be late in posting this.
 life gets in the way, especially when one is remodeling [smile].
 After a lovely 2014 Holiday Series dinner, the 2015 Holiday Series dinner, which essentially promised the same menu of various goose dishes, was a real letdown.
  Cost-cutting undermined  the once-lovely appetizer plate, which had a similar trio of dishes but was less generous,less interesting, and more green salad than anything else.
 Entree dish was salty (confit; insufficiently rinsed) and greasy (potatoes).
  The breast meat was chewy even tho sliced thin, and a touch overseasoned with thyme.
  Grilled escarole was a nice bitter element but the plate was surprisingly dull-looking, especially compared to prior year's plate where bright Fuyu persimmons provided a lovely accent in both color and flavor.
 Hopscotch's dessert menu is annoyingly banal.
  In an area filled with great pastry chefs, offering mud pie or donuts is disappointing.
  We tried the latter, which were dull and served with a too-sweet butterscotch cream.
  It has no depth, and since the donuts are just fried dough, a little something more interesting is needed than just additional sugar on top of grease and flour.
 Overall: a big miss which left us sad.
  Itani's one of Oakland's premier groundbreaking chefs, but we're finding better food elsewhere these days.
 Meat-heavy, drink-heavy.
  Despite diner decor, this is for people who know little about food.
  Mel's in SF makes this place look sick.
  Thunderously noisy, even though there's not many tables.
 - Fish'n'chips.
  Travesty.
  Little pieces of heavily battered fish.
  Much vaunted duck fat chips are a waste of $2.
  There are many places where duck fat fries are worth the upcharge.
 Hopscotch is not one of them.
  The three of us compared them head-to-head with the regular fries, and found very, very, very scant difference.
  Both regular and duck fat were slightly too greasy; we like our chips a bit crisper.
 - Fried chicken was a fried disaster.
  The batter was the extra-crispy style, which Spouse dislikes, and was fried so hard and so long that even the dark meat was dried out.
  It also had the dessicated look of fried food that had been sitting around, although he said it was very hot all the way through.
  He did like the raw pickled cauliflower florets with it, however.
 - Burger with tongue & the pork belly extra.
  Burger unsalted (big NO-NO) and didn't cover the bun.
  Slice of tongue was super-tiny and dried out.
  Pork belly griddled so it was just chewy thick bacon, much ado about nothing.
  The bun was good, but buttered before grilling, making it greasy.
  Adding mayo and aioli just made it even greasier.
  Ordered medium-rare, but came medium.
  No option for cheese, highly irritating because this puppy needed some salt (and I don't often say that, being on 20 yrs of low-salt diet!).
  Needed a whole lot more of those pickled onions to get any flavor through all the oil slick.
 Iced tea was a very strange black tea/sassafras blend.
  Does anybody seriously think weak flat root beer flavoring makes good iced tea???  But the ginger limeade was superb.
  By itself, however, one good juice drink isn't enough to be worth the schlep out here.
 Try Spice Monkey for fish'n'chips, Pican or Bistro 1491 for fried chicken, and anywhere else for a burger.
 If only yelp allowed half stars, 3.
 5 would be my true rating.
 Service.
 Came here for lunch with a friend on a Friday afternoon.
  Love the ambience.
  Small, cozy space.
  Restaurant was slow.
  Walked in.
  No hostess.
  Then she appeared behind the bar.
  Attended to a customer who had a takeout order, but neglected to greet us afterwards.
  Had to approach her to ask, "Do we seat ourselves?".
  Unenthusiastically, she responded, "No, I will.
 " Half star ticked right off for that!.
 The server was friendly, but not overbearing.
  I can't stand when a waiter asks you five times in 10 min intervals, "How is everything?".
 There is outdoor seating in the front of the restaurant and they are dog friendly, yay!! My friend asked the server for some chicken for the dog and (although it took a while.
 ) he came back with perfectly grilled slices of chicken (4 bucks a breast).
  The food came out in a timely manner, but our additional order of the two Yonsei Oysters were lagging and we even thought that that it might have been forgotten.
  There were only three other tables at this time.
  Another half star ticked off!.
 Food.
 Start-Little Green Salad with butter lettuce, baby kale, (shaved) celery, hazelnuts, soft sheeps cheese, Sherry vinaigrette: (warning: it's truly starter size and takes four full bites to eat.
 ) Some bites were overly salted and others under.
  The sheeps cheese was the star.
  Greens were crisp and can't hate on those toasted hazelnuts.
  Last half star ticked off for this one!.
 Main-Buttermilk Fried Chicken with black sesame asparagus: DAMN, that crusty, crunchy, flakey, party in yo mouth chicken skin.
  Tell me your secrets! It's a GIANT chicken drumstick+thigh.
  The meat itself was well cooked over a bed of cabbage slaw.
  Finally, topped with two grilled asparagus (keepin those expectations realistic!).
  Not the best fried chicken I've ever had, but pretty darn good.
 Side-Yonsei Oysters with sea urchin, salmon roe and citrus: Real fresh ingredients.
  These were the good ones.
  Little sweet oysters.
  Gotta love that sea brine.
  More citrus than soy, but how can you go wrong that roe and sea urchin??! A dozen more please!.
 I really wanted to like this place for brunch but only had an ok experience.
 Warning:.
 -Coffee was/is terrible! Sorry but it's either the beans you're using, lack of extraction when brewing or maybe the coffee machine needs to be decalcify.
 We asked for another cup with a new pot and tasted just as bad.
 -Place gets heated up fast.
  Seems like no AC so expect to sweat on a warm day.
  I can't imagine in the summer.
 Now to food.
 1.
  Buttermilk fried chicken - crispy, juicy, fresh and hot.
  Chicken and gravy were the best part of my brunch.
  However, biscuit was hard and chewy.
  Side of fruits tasted sour and old :( Also no choice on how you want your eggs when you order this dish.
  Only scrambled.
 2.
  Mushroom Benedict - lacks flavor.
  Need a lil truffle oil or something to enhance the shiitake mushrooms and need to reduce the cream on the potatoes.
 3.
  Donuts - good but really small for the portion.
 only 3 mini round donuts.
  Gotta split the 3rd :/.
 Honestly don't know if I'll try this place again.
  Tempted to go back and order the Benedict with pork belly but not sure I can convince the BF to give it another shot.
 This is a cute, trendy spot in Uptown Oakland where customers ranging from college students to older, more mature patrons come to dine.
  It is a tiny restaurant, but there is seating both inside and outside, and the decorations are spot-on.
  The menu changes for lunch and dinner, and are limited to about 5-7 offerings, and is on the pricey side.
 I came here once for brunch and another time for dinner.
 My favorite is the yonsei oysters, which includes salmon roe and uni on the half shell, a perfect Asian fusion dish.
  They taste fresh and complex.
  One second you taste the salty juices of the roe, then you taste the sweet briny freshness of the uni, followed by the cool ocean flavor of the oysters.
  The portions are a bit small but they are definitely delicious.
 For brunch, I had the braised pork belly benedict.
  The pork belly was cooked perfectly, crunchy and tender at the right places.
  The hollandaise sauce was the right amount of creamy and citrusy.
  I liked that it was a well-executed twist on a classic brunch platter.
 However, I did not like the dinner dishes as much.
  They seemed a bit too average for the price you pay.
  Granted, I'm sure they use the most high quality and the freshest ingredients, but at $19 for a plate of pasta and $22 for clams, I sort of expect something out of this world.
 The soba bucatini is very tomatoey but tastes just a bit better than the average pasta, though the green beans do add a nice crunch.
  The manila clams were yummy and it came with a deep-fried vegetable that paired well with the seafood tomato sauce.
  However, I felt the prices were too high for what my bf and I got.
 Overall, this is a nice little date spot, but much more so for brunch.
  They have a bar and serve all types of alcohol, so it's great for boozey brunch.
 Any chance to try a new brunch place is gladly taken - #brunchsohard! We heard this place has a better brunch menu than dinner.
  They have a very small location but there's apparently more seating next door! You can make reservations too, so definitely plan ahead.
 Everything on their menu was tempting - American brunch fare with a Korean twist, what better combination could there be!? I just had to go for the kimchee fried rice with shoyu eggs and pork belly.
  Tender, flavorful, spicy and sweet.
 every bite was perfect.
  We also got to try the donuts with butterscotch cream (it should be a sin to have this for breakfast) and the cinnamon challah toast with jam (how is this so soft?!).
  I had a bite of their famous fried chicken and biscuits for whatever room was left in my stomach and wow it was not your typical chicken and biscuits!.
 Based on my experience today, you will not be disappointed no matter what you order.
  Wish we had this place closer to home.
 I'd be ordering that kimchee fried rice on a weekly basis.
 I went with a Yonsei Oyster and the Buttermilk Fried Chicken--both were good, but both items are way overpriced which disallows me from giving this place anymore than 3 stars.
  Everything else about the experience here was outstanding except the $23 chicken that didn't even come with a carb on the side.
  That dish is worth $13-$15 at most.
  It was literally just some fried chicken (sure, dredged in their signature marinade of buttermilk, soy sauce, and potato starch), some asparagus, and chrysanthemum salad with vinegar.
  The chicken was juicy and tasty but it wasn't even a decent size--was still hungry after.
  You can argue that this one dish alone isn't supposed to fill you up however I think that the very essence of fried chicken is a comfort food that serves the purpose of filling you up and if someone wants to make it extra special, he/she can do that, but he/she doesn't need to make it so fancy it becomes small and too expensive.
  It's fried chicken, how much extra does your buttermilk and soy sauce cost? This isn't Napa where you're surrounded by million dollar wineries.
  I can understand overpriced oysters, but $23 fried chicken in Oakland? You've got to be kidding me.
 Since I wasn't fully satisfied, I had to go to Belly down the street which is where I should've went to in the first place.
  Literally, if they just added something like mashed or scalloped potatoes, this dish would be on point.
  I'm not sure why everyone raves about it.
  Furthermore, I've never complained about negative space on a dish but even from the consumer point of view, the dish didn't come together well looks-wise.
  It'll leave you hanging like, "where's the rest of my food?" The oyster was pretty delicious, but not worth $5.
 So, I honestly would recommend checking out Hopscotch and I want to come back someday to give it another try, but please do yourself a favor and refrain from ordering that fried chicken--you're better off going to 'insert-your-favorite-fast-food-fried-chicken-joint here'.
 On a positive note, the staff was very friendly and it's a cozy unique atmosphere that defines the rising Oakland food scene.
  I believe it might be best to make reservations if you're anticipating to come with friends during peak eating times.
 I have to say Hopscotch has a pretty delicious brunch! This was my first time brunching in Oakland as opposed to SF, and it was pretty positive overall.
  The setup of the restaurant is a little confusing, as there are two separate rooms separated by a convenience store in the middle.
  We dined in the second room, which I actually thought had a nicer and more spacious layout.
 We started off the meal with some mimosas and the Donuts and Butterscotch Cream.
  Definitely try these because they're super warm and fluffy, and the butterscotch is so good you'll literally want to bottle it and take it home! We decided to split a couple of the entrees, so we ordered the Buttermilk Fried Chicken and Biscuits, which had a really tasty gravy drizzled on top.
  The biscuit was nice and flaky and you can tell it's homemade.
  We also got the Kimchee Fried Rice with pork belly, which was the standout of the meal for me.
  The rice was really authentic, and I loved the addition of the jidori eggs!.
 I've heard Hopscotch also has a delicious dinner menu, so I'd definitely come back to check it out!.
 The combination of Beer (hops) and Scotch is already awesome but add gastro pub grub and you have the makings of a winner! The place is split into two separate rooms that are surrounding some other business so that's a bit strange at first.
  The main room where the hostess is located is quite small and I was wondering if we were going to fit.
  After a very short walk to their "annex" as they called it, we were pleased to find more larger tables and room for our party of four.
  Both rooms were sparsely decorated and appeared that the building was from the early 1900s, it had a cozy feel.
 I had to start with a Hop / Scotch Pairing.
  I went with the Nikka Coffee Whiskey paired with Fort Point Charred Manzanita Red Ale ($14).
  The Scotch was served neat with both water and ice on the side.
  I popped a single rock into the scotch to open it up a bit and proceeded to sip back and forth off the two enjoying how the flavors played off each other in harmony.
 The menu is spartan with only 5 entree offerings and 6 starter options.
  My wife had the ribs and I got to try one, they were quite good.
  They were tender but not too tender, seasoned well and served with Japanese Sweet Potatoes.
  I had the "First Base" Burger.
  It was a blend of house ground chuck and beef tongue.
  Now beef tongue is not usually something I seek out but I was feeling adventurous.
  I took a chance and ordered it medium rare on the waitresses suggestion and unfortunately is came out about as rare as I've ever seen a burger.
  I still ate it and it was tasty but I learned my lesson, medium for burgers, medium rare for steaks.
  I added the house cured bacon and some cheddar cheese to my burger and that put it @ $20.
  The $20 burger was served with some house made kennebec potato chips, it would have cost $4 more to substitute fries.
 Price was my major gripe at this place (besides the uber rare meat), our bill was over $60 for the 2 of us and I had a burger! I'm not from the area so when I come back to town I will likely not return but it's worth trying at least once.
 First time here for brunch, heard it was good but no expectations.
  We started with the Wasabi Bloody Mary's.
  I'm not a big Bloody Mary person but these totally hit the spot.
  Just the right level of heat and spice.
 Then the donuts.
  You know when you have a bite of food and everyone goes quiet and looks at each other? Especially with a group that is usually not quiet? And then the conversation shifts to "What would be your last meal?" because the plate in front of you is now in the running? Yeah.
  Get the donuts.
 Oh God and then the main course.
  I ordered the fried chicken with the sausage gravy on the side, poached eggs, biscuit and (mostly decorative) fruit and salad.
  This is some of the best fried chicken I've ever had.
  And the gravy with the biscuit.
  Ugh.
  I am still thinking about it 3 days later.
 The service was friendly.
  Took a while to get our food, especially considering the place was mostly empty on a late Saturday afternoon, but I guess you can't rush perfection.
  I'll be back.
 Any bar/restaurant that offers happy hour on a Saturday has a very, very special place in my heart.
  Especially when their happy hour menu includes $7 cocktails.
  Our bartender made the most amazing whiskey sours - he put egg white in them, so they were frothy and almost creamy.
 The food is ah-mazing too.
  Holy crap, this is a f*cking good hamburger.
  The patty is so, so juicy and you can really taste that it's freshly made because the meat just crumbles in juicy goodness.
  Fries are thick and soft and they give you this tangy orange aioli to dip them in.
  It paired reallllly well with our whiskey sours.
 The ambiance is old-timey and incredibly charming.
  Hopscotch has a second, disconnected room over from Subway (can we just get rid of the Subway?!) that we were seated in.
  One entire wall is a cream-colored tufted leather booth.
  It feels like something out of the golden age of jazz.
 Service is remarkably friendly and made for a very comfortable experience.
  Love love love Hopscotch.
 Oh hey, you can get a bucket of fried chicken to-go too :).
 A friend who knows I like fried chicken said I had to come here and try their buttermilk fried chicken.
   $18 for half a chicken, she said.
   At those prices, it'd better be some chicken, I said.
 In the first place, it isn't half a chicken.
   (To be fair to the restaurant, they don't say it is.
 )  It's two pieces, a boneless breast and a drumstick (not boneless), sort of melded together with a bridge of excess breading.
   When it was served, I was told "the only bone is in the drumstick", which suggested that there might be at least a boneless thigh or a boneless wing in there somewhere, but there wasn't.
 The breading was very crunchy and very thick.
   It had an interesting seasoning, that was its best point.
   It was quite tolerable with the thick, not particularly moist breast meat.
   Once I'd eaten that, though, the breading became overwhelming, and I was glad there wasn't any more.
 After leaving here, I drove up Telegraph and went past a Church's, and I thought: I could have gotten twice as much fried chicken, just as good and with less heavy breading, for half as much money, if I'd gone here instead.
 One of the rare times my wife and I agreed that a restaurant was 5 stars.
 I had the burger.
  It was perfectly done, juicy, and tasted amazing.
  One of the best burgers I've had.
  It was worth the $14.
 My wife had the ribs, which she loved.
  The meat came off the bone very easily, and the sauce was quite flavorful (and a bit smokey, which she liked).
  She was also very happy with the cocktail she had (an interesting tropical and smokey flavor combo).
 We also really enjoyed the mud pie.
 No complaints!.
 Food to die for and a counter to die at.
 Brunch could be wonderful, but you can't eat comfortably at the counter.
  The stools have no foot rest and you get a climbing Halfdome experience clinging to the 2 inch rail the provide.
 NOTE TO READER: Before I get my head chopped off by other yelpers.
  (This has happened before) I am about to go on a 14 hour flight, out of the country.
  During this flight I have nothing to do and I know I have slacked on my reviewing because I have been crazy busy! Although every time I have gone somewhere new I made it a point to check-in so I may go back and review later.
  It has taken me a while to review these restaurants but I am finally doing so.
  Before somebody says "you posted x9843058048 reviews in one day", please know that I am reviewing as my flight is in the air and will be posting once landed at my destination.
  Thank you! Also, I review on trip advisor before anybody goes psycho crazy on me saying they seen this review elsewhere.
  I post on both yelp and trip advisor of my reviews! Thank you (:.
 Location: Downtown Oakland, street parking!.
 Customer Service: Fast and welcoming!.
 Decor: Small restaurant but cutesy atmosphere, we sat at the table top seating where the small bar is at.
 Presentation of Food: ---.
 How did the food taste?: FIRST BASE BURGER WITH GRIDDLED BEEF TONGUE.
  That's all I have to say.
  AMAZING.
 Overall Experience: Good!.
 Would I Come Back?: Yes!! Hell Yes!.
 When my daughter flew in from Orlando, she was hungry.
   So, we decided to eat something small.
   Hence, we came to Oakland Grill.
   We were here a few times, but I never got a chance to write a review until now.
 We ordered the waffle with 2 eggs, and 2 bacons.
   When they brought the plate, it was a large portion.
   Good side for 2 people.
   My daughter and I shared a plate.
 The food wasn't too bad.
   Can't really go wrong with breakfast, unless it's Dennys.
   For the most part, it was good.
   I like their service.
   Very friendly service.
   The ambience wasn't too bad.
   It can get very busy during the weekends.
   Be prepare for it.
 Rating:.
 Food:  4.
 Service:  4.
 Price:  4.
 Ambience:  4.
 Overall:  4.
 I would come back over and over again.
 We got lucky with parking for a Sunday but we did look for around 10 mins.
 Wait was super quick for a Sunday at 11:30, the guy who seated us was awesome!.
 Get to a cute table, given menus.
 Waitress comes and is stank in the face, I can tell this will be fun, no hello, no nothing, just :.
 "What would you like? ".
 The food was expensive for what it is but hey that's trendy Oakland.
 I would have at least had an egg that was cooked to order.
  ( picture added ).
 I got attitude for being allergic to pineapple, had no idea pancakes come with a side of fruit as it's not mentioned on the menu.
 I'm sad! My boyfriend loves Eggs Benny and his would have been really easy place to help him get his fix.
 Yes! Family could not stop telling me about the crab cakes, and they were delicious.
   Serving size here is stupendous.
   Staff here is really nice, and our waitress was so attentive.
 We split the crab cake benedict and pancakes.
   The apple sausage is worth trying.
 I love a breakfast place like this.
   The atmosphere is just relaxed and warm.
 I came with a bigger group of 6 and had about a 25 minute wait which is a lot faster than I thought it would be considering the large crowd of people standing outside of the restaurant.
 I ordered the chef's eggs Benedict which I was really excited about from the reviews, but sadly it just fell short.
  The eggs itself were cooked perfectly and the side potatoes were well seasoned and quite tasty.
  Aside from that everything else was quite disappointing.
  The sausage wasn't very tasty and the sauce was too overpowering and made the toasted English muffin soggy and hard to cut through.
  Though I was starving coming in I barely could finish half the meal.
 Taking a bite of the cob salad, I wish I would have gotten that because the crispy bacon and the fresh lettuce mixed with the well seasoned chicken (which was a hair dry) was worlds better than what I had.
 Overall, aside from the great customer service this place was just meh and I probably would check out another breakfast place next time.
 GREAT BRUNCH SPOT! Generous portions, and their potato hash is bomb! It has a subtle spiciness to it.
  The side of potatoes comes with your entree, or it's 3.
 99$ as a side.
  We ordered the Dungeness crab Benedict, which was on their special.
  It had heaping servings of crab, a great creamy hollandaise sauce on top and a great portion of potatoes.
  For 1.
 99$, you can substitute your toast with a pancake.
 We also ordered the turkey/avocado/bacon Benedict, also on their special.
  The combo was amazing and the poached egg was nice & drippy when I poked into it.
 Great spot, service was friendly & atmosphere was inviting.
  Will definitely come back !.
 Jack London Square was fairly empty on Monday around 11:30 am.
  Assuming that it was a weekday and no one around, we thought the Oakland Grill wouldn't have much people.
  But I guess everyone that didn't have work also decided to go to Oakland grill.
  It was pretty packed, we came in and snagged the last table.
 CRAB CAKE BENEDICT: $12.
 99.
 SUPER FRIED.
  but it was so good.
  [Crab cake+Poached egg + hollandaise sauce+English muffin].
 My friend preferred the blackstone Benedict, he said the crab and was too heavy and too fried for him.
  All of the benedicts come with seasoned potatoes with a dollop of sour cream.
  I Put the sour cream on the side.
  Also comes with two small slices of fruit.
 BLACKSTONE BENEDICT: $12.
 99.
 [bacon+tomato+hollandaise sauce+English muffin] totally preferred the crab cake.
  The way they made the eggs though wasn't as runny as we all thought it would be.
  This one was okay to me, but my friends loved this one way more.
 STRAWBERRY MIMOSA: $3.
 99.
 Pretty small glass.
  I totally thought it was strawberry + mimosa (OJ + Champagne) but it was actually strawberry + champagne.
  It was pretty tasty.
  Wish the flavor was more crispy C like a chilled glass or something.
 ORANGE JUICE: $4.
 50.
 Freshly squeezed.
  No pulp.
  A bit pricey.
  Small glass.
 Definitely a good find.
  Would come again.
  Has the ambience of a Denny's diner.
  Also has an upstairs for dining.
 This was a cool little place my work group visited while out on a team building trip.
  The location is in an area where there's a lot of wholesale produce traffic, so be forewarned that not only is parking bad, but be mindful of fast moving forklifts hauling produce.
 The restaurant has a lot of charm.
  The kind of charm that says "established" and unpretentious.
   My coworker set up the whole affair and had their staff arrange a large table for us.
  While a few of my coworkers were late, they cheerfully filled our water glasses and coffee mugs without rushing us or giving us the impatient looks.
  Granted it wasn't busy, but you all have been there.
 After having four cups of coffee, I had the applewood smoked sausage with eggs and hash browns.
  It was quite filling and I only finished about more than half.
  In my opinion the apple sausage was a bit too sweet for my tastes, but was still pretty tasty.
  There was a heaping portion of hash browns which was done right and not swimming in oil.
 Service was really good, they really took good care of us.
 I seriously doubt I'll venture here again as it's pretty far from where I live and parking is typical Oakland, but if someone invited me, I'd cheerfully meet them there.
 Lipstick stains on my coffee cup, potatoes didn't have the sour cream I asked for, an item that was not mine was added to my bill, and the poached egg on my benedict was fully cooked and didn't run at all! That's the whole point of the benedict! All of this and I couldn't even find my server to ask for these things to be fixed until my date was finished with their food.
  Super bummer.
  The only reason I gave a second star was that I've been here before and had a better experience.
  This was pretty disappointing though.
 Oakland Grill will definitely satisfy your breakfast needs for brunch.
   Located in downtown Oakland, it serves breakfast all day for those late risers.
 I went with the Lox Benedict (smoked salmon) with a side of potatoes and a few strawberry mimosas.
   It was tasty, hearty, and the portion was huge.
  The mimosas was mostly champagne, so don't worry about being skimped.
 Overall, it was delicious.
  The only downside is my smoked salmon was topped with warm hollandaise sauce that lightly cooked the salmon (I like mine raw).
  Maybe I should've ordered it on the side next time.
 Go with the Benedict, they're most popular dish.
 Oakland Grill is my solution to my Jersey diner.
 * They serve their menu all day (yes, breakfast anytime), they're pretty much always busy on the weekends, the food is hearty and reasonably priced.
 I've been both for weekday lunch and a Sunday brunch and both did not disappoint.
  Lunch was much calmer; we walked right in like we owned the place.
  My chicken and black beans was so large, I failed to clean my plate.
  It was also healthy (yay!), filled with grilled chicken, black beans, fresh salsa, corn tortillas, a side salad and what seemed to be a half avocado.
  It's so nice to be able to order fresh food at a casual eatery like this.
 This past weekend's meal wasn't quite so healthy.
  I indulged in the veggie benedict with hollandaise on the side.
  Not the most adventurous order, but definitely a solid one! The perfectly poached eggs topped on an english muffin with grilled tomatoes and avocado.
  My one complaint? I think they could step it up on their english muffin game.
  Change it up maybe? Higher quality muffins? Still wonderful, but it could have used a lil' something.
 Most breakfasts come with what seems to be a pound of breakfast potatoes.
  Although the b'fast potatoes are solid, I prefer mine extra crispy (which I'll request for next time), as these were a bit more mushy.
  The fresh fruit slices are such a great touch and this fruit was perfectly ripe!.
 Coffee is dece, nothing gourmet and I spied a strawberry mimosa that was going like hot cakes.
  Service is on point with water glasses always filled and quick service.
 Overall, a solid neighborhood joint.
  Not sure if I'd wait an hour to grub, but definitely worth a 20 minute wait as the direct 'hood can be a bit sparse for brunching options, especially on a Sunday.
 * There are more diners per capita in Jersey than anywhere else in the world! Boo ya! #Themoreyouknow.
 Decent neighborhood establishment with all the usual items you'd expect for brunch, whether omelets, scrambles, benedicts, and other egg-heavy dishes; or lunch, such as salads, sandwiches, and burgers.
  Anything you can get here is going to be pretty dependable and well-portioned for the price.
  Service is reasonably friendly too.
  Overall, a perfectly decent experience that might not pack a lot of "wow" punches but is nevertheless dependable.
 Stopped in here for breakfast on a Saturday morning and it was pretty packed but they seated us within 5 minutes.
  We ordered the eggs vocal stone which was like an eggs Benedict but with bacon and tomatoes instead of Canadian bacon.
  The hollandaise sauce was amazing and so were the potatoes.
  My fiancé also had a pancake which was super fluffy and the portions were great.
  Would definitely eat here again.
 One of my favorite brunch spots! Especially since they serve breakfast ALL DAY!.
 Its usually busy but you get seat right away almost all the time! Once you walk in, always get greeted by someone who's working.
 I usually order the Eggs Benedict and you always get a choice to have fruits or potatoes on the side.
  They always have the freshest fruits available and if you have a specific fruit you only want, they will be happy to accommodate you.
  I tried the potatoes too and they were equally delicious.
 The server always comes  by to fill your water cup without you having to ask.
  They constantly come by to check up on your table.
  Everyone is always extremely friendly.
 My favourite brunch spot in Oakland hands down.
  Recommended by my grandma who would frequently come here during her conferences back in the day and whose advice I take to heart.
 I'm a creature of habit so I always order the crab cake Benedict.
 loved it the first time and every time since.
  Their food is Always bomb and just made with lots love.
 The spot is hidden, near a produce area, lots of parking outside.
  It has 2 levels, downstairs with booths or upstairs.
  Excellent cooks behind those grills, and friendly servers.
  A must whilst in Oakland!!.
 This place is in such a hidden area (near all the meat packaging/wholesale warehouses).
  I love it regardless though!.
 FOOD:.
 I got one of the Benedict and can't remember which one but I've never been a fan of crab cake or ham so I asked if I could replace it with a sausage patty and they were able to accommodate me! The one thing I look forward to in eating eggs benedict is the yolk that comes out of it, and for both my visits the yolk came gushing out, YES!.
 SERVICE:.
 The servers have always been super nice.
  I've never had a bad encounter with any of them.
  Super friendly, and I'm glad they're able to substitute.
 PARKING:.
 Parking is on the street, & it is meter parking, unless you park like 2 blocks away for 2 hour free parking.
 Delicious eggs benedict and $3 mimosas? Yes please!.
 Arrived here for the usual Sunday brunch ritual after getting frustrated and not finding any bottomless mimosa spots that served past 2 pm.
  We settled for this spot when we noticed how nicely priced their mimosas were.
  It was of course incredibly busy since it was Sunday brunch hours and but we only waited about 15 minutes for a table.
  Our server was incredibly kind and it being our first time was very information and willingly gave us her recommendations.
 My friend went with the burger and I opted for the eggs benedict after eyeing it up at our neighbor's table.
  I'm sure the crab benedict is the more popular option, but oddly enough I'm not the biggest fan of crab.
  Two rounds of mimosas in and our food arrived.
  It looked AMAZING first off, and the taste matched its appearances.
  The eggs were basically orgasmic.
  Perfectly cooked and explosive with all that delicious yolk.
  The potatoes that came on the side were freaking delicious as well! So packed full of different type of herbs, flavors, and you can tell that the cooks had scraped all of the good stuff off of the pan (hey, that's where all the flavor is, right?) to garnish the potatoes.
  I was in heaven, and so incredibly happy by the time the meal was done.
 I do wish they had bottomless mimosas and chicken and waffles, but those are just my own selfish desires.
  Other than that, I will certainly return!.
 Great everything!  Seriously.
   I had never tried Red Bay Coffee before this- two thumbs up!  Plus it's roasted in Oakland- I love that!.
 I first tried the oatmeal and went for sweet- adding bananas, brown sugar and yogurt.
   Delicious!  However, the polenta- oh the polenta!  I get it with caramelized red onions, fresh green onions, sun-dried tomatoes, olive oil and sea salt.
   Filling, nutritious and absolutely delicious.
 It was all so good that I had to go back and try their donut happy hour- HOLY COW!!.
 Top that all off with a fantastic mission- " job creation and leadership training for girls in Oakland who face significant barriers to employment," this is definitely a favorite spot now.
   I highly recommend it.
 Mamacitas Cafe is small, just a serving counter on the left.
  and some lounge seats to the right.
 another room has tables for laptopers.
  not sure if it's connected to the Cafe or not.
 eats: oats or polenta(grits)  choose polenta (12 oz 6.
 95).
 -choice of many toppings and seasonings.
 -roasted tomatos, zuchinni, sea salt, green onions was my choices.
 -delicious! never thought i would like grits.
 brew: red bay coffee (3).
 -bold, herby taste.
 -definitely unique.
 drips:.
 -parking difficult in this area.
 -quick service with smiles.
 -menu limited to 2 offerings, maybe more in the morning?.
 In a world overrun with Starbucks, Peet's and Keurig machines that you have to decalcify every 2 minutes (you don't know my struggle so you don't feel my hustle!), a good cup of coffee has become a luxury that too many of us don't get too experience often enough.
  But look no further! Sip on without the shame of knowing your joe was sourced by underpaid laborers and upheld by unfair labor practices! Dunk a delicious donut hole in that cup and know that pastry was made with wholehearted love and passion by women who support fair business practices and use their small business to uplift their community!.
 I love everything about Mamacita's, and please believe that the coffee, lavender lemonade and yummy donut kebabs are just the beginning.
  The owners, Shana and Renee, grind super hard for theirs and employ and educate young women in high school on the ins and outs of business ownership along the way by offering opportunities to keep kids occupied and focused.
  They serve up Red Bay Coffee, keeping it fresh, local and delicious while giving back to the hood whenever they can.
  I can't praise them enough!.
 My fiancée and I first heard word of Mamacitas Café in the East Bay Express over the summer and appreciated their mission.
  Then when looking for a vendor for our post-wedding picnic they came immediately to mind.
  It was easy as pie to get in touch with them and then for a very fair price they served a lovely selection of their amazing donut kebabs to our assembled guests.
 They were there on time, supplied all the gear they needed, and ran a well organized operation.
 Both the sweet and savory options were a big hit, along with the hot coffee, iced coffee, iced tea, and lemonade.
  I would recommend them to anyone looking for a dessert or coffee vendor.
 I sat with a group of 4.
  Everything was tasty and the service was perfect.
  They were more than accommodating for our 8 month son.
 We shared a chicken and waffle, which was very tasty.
  The waffle reminds me of a doughnut and the chicken has a perfectly crispy battery.
 I had the vegetable hash and everything was cooked just right: nothing soggy or greasy.
  The red chile sauce was a great compliment to the greens.
 Long wait.
   That's to be expected though.
 Coffee was good.
 I had the waffle with fried chicken.
   The waffle was better than average but the chicken wasn't great.
   They use chicken breast, which is indisputably the worst cut of meat on the bird.
   It's a tasteless, fat-less cut.
   There's a reason fried chicken joints serve legs and wings.
 This is a mixed review regarding the food and the atmosphere.
   Had the Thursday before Memorial Day off and the choice of Oakland eateries were Mama's  Royal Cafe (a standard on any day of hookie) and Aunt Mary's.
   So I choose to pay Auntie a visit.
 Service: On point, coffee DELICIOUS!!!  Whatever the jam was.
 YAASS!!!.
 The not so great.
  The noise level in this place is deafening.
   It was about 11 am and not crowed, but steady.
   Restaurants of today have zero noise cancellation and given the open space, closeness of the kitchen and lots of wood decor the sound is to the point of painful.
 I ordered the Corned Beef Hash with Poached Eggs.
   I know my corned beef and this was a miss.
   Very little meat and a whole lot of deconstructed cabbage and peppers.
   Nothing was together.
   It was like a tiny bit of meat topped with cabbage, onions, some potatoes and the topped with the eggs that were not poached well (running whites).
   Homemade rye bread was excellent.
 My last put off was this little note card that explained about the "surcharge".
   Auntie charges a 15% surcharge to help pay for the entire staff.
   You may also leave and additional amount that will go directly to your server.
   And like a good Aunt, she has broken down what the extra 3% or 5% for your server would be.
   You read this coming into the restaurant, you read it again at the table and on your tab.
 The cost of doing business is just that.
   Whatever you have to pay to keep your place staffed well should be built into the cost of your meals, not let the patron work on supplementing your payroll.
   What will we see next?  PG&E goes up on gas so there is another surcharge to read about if we want hot food or to see the food on the table?.
 So, I will not return to Aunt Mary's, and I will instead go visit Mama's.
 like everyone should.
 We went here with an open mind, but was disappointed.
  Food and service were WAY below average.
  And what's up with this 15% mandatory tip? I don't buy this argument that since kitchen staff are making min wage then charge customers more to help the kitchen staff.
  Really? If the owner really cares for his employees, why pay them min wage? Give them a raise man.
  Don't ask customers to compensate for your lack of humanity.
  Total BS.
  We will never go back here and will not recommend it to anyone.
 Now here are just 2 examples of the shortfalls regarding the food:.
 (1) $15 for 2 hard pancakes with fake cherry jam.
  Really? For the sake of comparison: Bette's diner has the BEST pancakes; price for 2 is $6.
 75 (same size).
  It comes with butter and syrup (and not attitude).
  Who would pay twice as much money for lower quality food/service?.
 (2) my poached eggs where raw yuk.
  It's not very hard to make poached eggs.
  Believe me, just Google it and you'll learn.
 I think people who give this place 5 starts should really get out more often.
  Try other breakfast places.
  Any place is better than this (Yes even Denny's).
  The entire experience was way below average.
  The only bright side was my lovely company.
 I've had Aunt Mary's bookmarked for sooo long it moved to a new location hahah! (Not far.
 only a few blocks down!).
 After my experience, I can see why so many people rave about it.
  It's super casual with generous portions.
  Prices are not cheap here, but you are paying for good quality dishes.
  (Kid friendly too - there's toys and books in the waiting area).
 Our party of 7 didn't have to wait long early on a Saturday morning (around 9am).
  I put my name down at the front & was told they have a special room upstairs for large parties.
  (I believe your party has to be complete before they will seat you though) We felt like VIPs since we had the whole space to ourselves.
  There was even a bathroom upstairs and couches! KUDOS to our wonderful server to made the endless treks up and down the stairs bringing our food, clearing our plates, refilling our coffee, and checking on us periodically.
 I really liked my Southern Bubble and Squeak dish (what a cool name :D) It's basically like gravy, eggs, and mashed potatoes.
 simple enough but it was really tasty.
  Another memorable dish in the party was Huevos Benedictos but it was way spicer than it looked.
  Also, I was really impressed with the side of pancake ($1.
 75) that came with the Basic Eggs & 2 Sides - so gigantic!.
 They were featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives but unfortunately I didn't get to try the Pain Perdue this particular visit.
  Yelp pics look amazing though - can't wait to go back for brunch again to try it!! (Only served during weekend brunch).
 This is definitely a neighborhood gem and worth a visit if you are in Oakland!.
 Tips: Large parties of 8 or more can call to make reservations before 9am.
  15% auto tip charge on all bills.
  No dinner service.
  No TOGO orders on weekends.
 You know when you walk into a place and it just reminds you of a little piece of your past? That happened for me at Aunt Mary's.
  I can't pinpoint what, but walking in on a later afternoon weekday, to a spacious and airy place, a kind hello and people thoroughly enjoying their food, I knew I was in for a treat.
  A little bit country, a little bit Oakland, this diner is serving up comfort food all day, every day.
  No dinner service here, but they make up for it by offering breakfast until their 3pm closing.
 I can see this place being a shit show on weekend brunch.
  Be patient.
  If you're like me and can enjoy a leisurely weekday meal, as always I suggest that.
  I went with the chilaquiles asking for the two accompanying eggs poached and an iced tea and got to using their free wifi.
 The iced tea was a bucket.
  Straight up the largest mason jar filled with unsweetened iced tea.
  No need for refills, since I mean, there is so much dang liquid.
  Smart.
 The chilaquiles.
  Not like the one from your local taqueria.
  Lacking in elbow grease from an abuela, they were still a treat for the senses.
  The fried tortilla chips perfectly soft, yet still had a hint of crisp served a pretty perfect bed for the eggs, pico, black beans and avocado.
  The side tortillas were even a bit of an overkill.
  The hint of heat from the verde salsa really rounded up this dish.
 I thoroughly enjoyed my experience.
  15% gratuity is included and divided amongst all staff and you can choose to give more which goes directly to your server.
  I'm ok with that.
  My one small gripe? This isn't a cheap endeavor.
  Lunch was around $18, not the cheapest meal you've ever had.
 I'll be back mainly to try more on the menu, especially the hangtown fry-tatta: a frittata with bacon and spinach, topped with fried oysters and fennel slices, drizzled with Rockefeller sauce.
  Yep.
  That's the truth right there.
  I'll be back, for sure.
 Their BLT is the best sandwich I have ever eaten, and I am not a sandwich person.
  It's the XL bacon strips and spicy aioli generously spread in between the toasty, buttered sandwich bread with crunchy, fresh lettuce that will make you return for this.
 Served with a fresh, green salad NOT overdressed with vinaigrette.
 The other must-try is their oyster po-boy.
  It's fried to crispy deliciousness.
  I love their refillable iced tea and my husband loves their lemonade.
 Extremely family friendly - They have high chairs and mommas often come here so you're likely to see a breastfeeding mom or two who'll understand if your kiddo has a meltdown.
  Not sure if the bathroom has a changing room.
 Call ahead for pick-up if you'd like.
  Tips are automatically included and split among front and back of house staff.
 I love this place, I'll be back, and if there's anything bad to be said - it's that the food's so good, it's a popular spot so expect to wait a little to eat, but be rest assured that your taste buds will be excited and you'll remember your meal and be back soon.
 I really like the food here.
  The oyster po'boy is especially good.
  Stopped going due to this 15% surcharge business.
  I don't want to feel pressured to leave a tip on top of a forced tip -- which is really what it is, regardless of what they choose to call it.
  Check out the card I found on the table the last time I was there.
  (Sorry, but Yelp does not have a "rotate" function!).
 I have always been a good tipper, and very forgiving of problems that are out of the server's control, so it's not the amount that turns me off, rather the principle.
 Sad, because the food is good, though it is a little high, and perhaps that's why they couldn't just up the food prices rather than institute the surcharge.
 I'm always exploring breakfast and brunch places in Oakland and, given the reviews I had read, I was highly anticipating a great breakfast/brunch here.
  While everything started great, it was just went downhill from there and I walked out very disappointed.
 First, the good stuff: It was very busy, but I was still promptly greeted by hostess who handed me the waiting list.
  When she saw I was jus one person, she offered me a seat at the counter.
  Once there, I was promptly attended to by a smiling and friendly server, Sasha, who took coffee order and was patient with me while I decided what I wanted for breakfast.
  My meal, the huevos benedictos, was excellent.
  The sauce, not hollandaise, was very spicy, which is great with me! Up until the time Sasha checked on how I liked my meal, she was five stars all the way.
 What went wrong?.
 A few minutes after I was seated, a second hostess came up to me and said that there was a waiting list, implying that I "cut" in front of everybody on the waiting list.
  I told her I tried to get on the list, but another hostess offered me the counter.
  She wanted to know who that was and then she walked away and never said another word to me.
  She was very polite and professional, but I found the encounter offensive, partly because she never apologized.
  Also, she should have checked with the other hostesses before confronting with me.
 The other issues were minor.
  My server never offered to refill my coffee, I had to ask twice.
  She dropped off my bill with a polite comment and was gone before I could say anything to her - without ever asking me if I wanted anything else, which I did.
 Service is as important to me as the food and this was a bad experience, primarily because of the second hostess, not the server.
  Because the food was good, I may try it again someday.
 Came here for brunch once with my sister, dad and niece.
 Everyone seemed to like their food, including my picky 3-year-old niece.
  I ordered the Grilled Flank Steak Sandwich.
  The flavors were great, but my meat was so tough!!!!! It was so awkward to eat because I couldn't rip off a piece and all of it would just come flying out of the bread.
  If the steak wasn't so hard, this sandwich would've been amazing and would've changed how many stars I'm giving this place.
  I tried my sister's catfish sandwich and it was delicious.
  Should have gotten that.
 They have an interesting and unique menu which makes me want to come back and try some more.
 After receiving a recommendation of this spot from a co worker, we decided to check it out as we were still looking out for a signature breakfast spot in the East Bay.
   We came here for Sunday brunch and found ourselves only waiting for about  15 minutes for a table.
   We ordered:.
 Lemon ricotta cornmeal pancakes.
 Side of spicy pork sausage.
 Pain perdu.
 Sadly, everything was no more than mediocre.
   The sauce that was served with the pancakes was crazy overpowering.
   It would have been better served without.
   The pancakes, alone, tasted great.
 The homemade sausage, while I appreciated it, was overcooked and dry.
 The whiskey pain perdu fell short.
   After a bite or two, I was over it.
   It looked better than it tasted.
 Service also fell short.
   It was difficult to find someone to ask for our check or get a refill on water and coffee.
   3 stars at most.
 I have to say im only judging off my food experience here.
  I was with a table of 5 and everyone agreed my food was definitely the worst.
  So.
 The bisquits and gravy taste more like bisquit and paste.
  A paste that gives a hint of glue.
 No salt added whatsoever.
  I mean NONE.
  Possibly the blandest biscuit and gravy I've ever witnessed.
  So much for being whisked away to my childhood.
 Yeah.
  No.
 $15 for that atrocity.
 I tasted the waffle of my friends.
  On point.
  Chicken was good too.
 The fried oysters-doable.
 Minus 1 star for having a menu that actually says  "maple flavored syrup" or actual "maple syrup" for $3.
  Yeah.
 no.
  Just serve maple syrup.
 The service was just ok too.
  I mean I probably wouldnt go back but it's worth a try if your in the area.
 Aunt Mary's is a solid place for breakfast and brunch.
   Although their specialty items are a little more expensive, they're pretty good.
   I enjoyed the posole verde.
   Good pancakes too.
   I didn't like the chicken fried steak too much, I thought the meat was a little rubbery, but the chile sauce on top was good.
   Ingredients are fresh and portions are generous.
 Amazing food and service.
    I saw this place on Diners and Dives and was sold when they showed how to make Shrimp and Grits.
    After visiting our daughter on Mothers day weekend, we got up early to avoid the breakfast rush.
   They opened at 8:00.
   We were greeted and asked to sit where we wanted.
   This area and restaurant setting reminded us of Portland, Oregon.
   Loved it.
   I of course had to try the Shrimp and Grits, which was amazing.
   We watched other food pass by and everything looked amazing.
   You must try Aunt Mary's!.
 I have many happy memories of this place.
  Great appetizers and cocktails.
   They have $1 oysters for happy hour and they are always fresh and delicious.
  They serve a lot of cool condiments with them that are fun to try and are taste tantalizing.
  If you never had raw oysters before, this is a good place to try it first, because they are small and mild.
  I also highly recommend their deviled eggs.
  I am not crazy about their chicken wings.
 that is one dish I would not recommend.
 They have a large selection of wines and the waiters really know what their stuff in case you need help choosing the right drink for your mood.
  No matter how busy they get I've never had an issue with the wait staff and we always were able to get a seat somehow, though we usually get there early.
 Where do I start? I had a detailed review in my head but then realized it was long and would have been a rant, so I will just give pluses and minuses and be brief.
 Started out as a nice warm Oakland evening at the beginning of a three day weekend and looking forward to relaxing with great food and cocktails.
  The drinks, yes, they were great: sidecar and petit pomme.
  Nice wine list too.
 Started with the roasted cauliflower and baby kale to share.
  The cauliflower was not cooked, and the dish was barely warm.
  Server said it was not intended to be hot.
  We took two bites of raw cauliflower, and she took it away-not going to eat raw cauliflower.
  The sauce was rather bland as well.
  Very disappointing.
 Next came our steak and sliders.
  The sliders they got right although the buns were a little dry.
  I could easily overlook this.
  The steak was cooked just right, and the sauce was good, but again the dish came to us barely warm.
  Is this a new thing I just don't know about?  I like my food served hot from pan or grill to plate to table.
 Our fries to share never came; we had to ask for them.
  When they did arrive, they were great-perfectly cooked and seasoned, temp was just right, and aioli was better than most.
  Still disappointing since we had already finished our mains.
  Would have been nice to enjoy both at the same time.
  Oh well.
 Service was aloof and uneven.
  They had a crowd but not too busy so there was no reason for delayed service.
  If the kitchen is having timing issues, the server just didn't seem concerned.
  I felt like we just had to take what we got with no apologies, just drop the plate at the table and run.
  There are some nice sounding dishes on the menu I would like to try, but I don't think that will happen any time soon.
 This is not my place; I will not return.
 Pesto pizza, chicken wings, ceviche, wine tasting, cocktails.
  My ladies and I had a great night there sharing dinner and drinks.
 Busy lively atmosphere for late 20-30-40 somethings.
 I would definitely recommend to others and go back for Friday night happenings.
  The food was great and service was great!.
 Whooooooaaaa there Yelp.
  How have I NOT written a review for one of my favorite happy hours in the East Bay? Yeah.
  I genuinely love their happy hour offerings and the food for that is also delish.
  De.
  Lish.
  Umph.
 I actually discovered District's amazing happy hour on a pub crawl.
  Yes.
  That have happy hour on Saturdays.
  You're welcome.
  So once you've had brunch, with bottomless mimosas, started to sober up, and don't want to.
 come here.
 The tables fill up mostly due to reservations.
  #protip.
 But, if you can find yourself at the bar, then go for it.
  Minus a star because the service can be (okay, probably will be) slow.
  But, no one is perfect right?.
 The menu includes $6 house wine, beers, well drinks, and my favorite the food (see photo for menu).
  $6 for 6 oysters, yes.
  Recommendation: go with the truffle fries.
  They are cooked to order so they are not cold.
  They come seasoned with salt, pepper, and what I believe is Rosemary (listed as herbs and truffle Parmesan aioli), ketchup, and the dipping sauce aforementioned.
 It's walkable from 12th street BART and then you can explore old Oakland, head to Jack London Square, or off to the Fox Theatre and Uptown.
  I love it here and definitely recommend it for a stop along the way or a place for drinks.
 District isn't a restaurant.
   It's a wine bar with food.
   We failed to know this.
 Their menu consists of small plates and pizzas.
   The bf and I ordered six dishes and that was too much.
   Stick to about two dishes per person and you should be good.
   If not, order as you go.
 MUST TRY:.
 The two standout dishes of the night were the tempura avocado and the sliced hanger steak.
   The tempura avocado had a light and crispy exterior, topped with chili lime salt (which was phenomenal), and served with a roasted jalapeno aioli sauce for dipping.
   The hanger steak was so tender that it melts in your mouth.
   The topping was that it was served with chimichurri sauce.
 OTHER FOOD:.
 *The raw oysters were medium size and served with a mignonette sauce and fresh horseradish.
   They do have $1 oysters (opposed to $2.
 50 each) during happy hour (weekdays 4-6pm).
 *The steak tartare was okay.
   The bf wasn't a big fan as it was tangier than other places.
   One of the biggest mistakes with the dish was the egg.
   Unlike most places that serve it with a raw egg on top, District's version cooks their egg.
   My egg was more cooked than in pictures I've seen on Yelp and lacked that yolky gooiness.
 *The margherita pizza had a nice thin crust and was perfect for sharing.
   It was topped with tomatoes, mozzarella and basil.
   It was good but it needed more tomatoes or tomato sauce.
 Service was nice but staff was often missing so it took a long time getting what we needed.
   There was a bit of a timing issue with food arrival.
   The pace in the beginning was good as we had food in front of us but not to the point of taking up all table room).
   There was so much time between the last couple dishes that food had settled and we were too full.
 Depending on the size of your party, make a reservation on Opentable.
   If reservations aren't made, seating is free for all which we lucked out with.
   District has a limited number of reservations because there is a limited amount of seating.
   Though it's a big place, most of the area is taken for bar seating and lounge areas.
 WHAT TO KNOW:.
 *Full bar.
 *Take advantage of their happy hour specials from 4-6pm.
 *Street parking or a paid lot across the street.
 My friend and I went to district to watch the warriors game last night and had a horrifying experience.
  I asked the bartender to place a order for food and drinks, he rolled his eyes and said I'm kinda busy ( tall large white male).
 My friend who I was with (white) went outside after the game as we waited on the bill to take a call from a Ill family member.
  I went outside to let her know that the bill was ready.
  The manager John ran outside in full stride after me and yelled in front of everybody outside you are banned you are banned for skipping out on your bill.
  I explained to him I was getting her to come pay her portion but he continued to yell that I was banned.
  We gave him our cards and proceeded to walk behind him.
  He told the security not to let me in while he charged our cards.
  When he returned he threw bill holder at my friend with our cards in it which fell on the ground.
  As we checked the bill he charged us double and refused to let us back in to discuss it.
  I have never been so disrespected at an establishment in all my life.
 One of those rare places that does a number of things well, whether it's serving up weekend brunch, offering daily drinks and dinner, or morphing into a thumpin' hangout on late weekend nights.
 No matter what the environment is, the ambience is friendly, casual, diverse, and welcoming in a uniquely Oakland way.
  Brunches here, in particular, are a laid-back way of easing into your weekend day, and there's a wide array of scrumptious offerings to choose from.
  Seems like half of Oakland is here too, all with smiling faces.
 Can't go wrong with this place no matter the purpose.
  Highly recommended.
 My friend wanted to try this place and I was down to because they had $1 oysters.
   When I entered, I stood their awkwardly trying to find a waiter to seat me.
  I didn't know that you actually seat yourself.
  (Remember this! So you don't awkwardly stand there and wait for someone to come).
  Once we sat down, it took them awhile to come to the table.
  The service here is extremely slow.
  The food service is fine.
  But grabbing the waiter's attention is extremely difficult.
 I tried the following:.
 Peach Bellini: it was good! But not much for $6.
  I finished it quickly.
  So ordered the next drink.
 Grapefruit beer: it was delicious! I wanted to order another one but I was kind of full.
 Oysters: they were good.
  They waiter asked if we wanted Tabasco and I said yes but they never brought it out.
 Chicken wings: there were 5 wings and they were a lot smaller than I expected.
  It came out on a cute little cast iron skillet.
  The wings were good but I didn't like the sauce it came with.
 I would return for the food but only if I have a lot of time because of their service.
  Parking in that area isn't difficult either so that's awesome.
 It's really more of a 3.
 5 stars since it was slightly  over average.
   We came here for appetizers on a Saturday night and it had a pretty good vibe.
   Great mix of people.
 We started with the deviled eggs to wet our appetites.
   Creamy egg with a hint heat from the sriracha.
   Next was the Brussel sprouts which were roasted and blended well with the cider brown butter and almonds.
   We had them hold the pancetta since we were vegetarian.
   Last we had the fontina and spinach arancini which was on a bed of spicy tomato sauce.
   All very good.
 I think we will go back and try it for dinner next time.
 I've been here twice.
  The first time was lovely, but the second time (last night) was ruined by the female Africa American late 20s, maybe 30ish, bright pink lipstick server who seemed so annoyed by having to get us a couple of drinks.
  All simple questions were answered with a perplexing huffiness.
  I don't think we did anything to set her off, but it was like she hated us the minute we walked in, and there's no place for that in this business.
  Or this world really.
 The bartenders were great, and though we had a table we just started going to them directly to avoid her odd wrath.
 Another plus - gorgeous art!.
 This place was great!.
 Le bf, me, and one of our good couple friends stumbled in here after first getting some beers at The Trappist and some nomz at the Swan's Market.
  My bf was on the hunt for some oysters and he saw a sign advertising them here! Sold.
 The sign advertised $1 oysters at happy hour which we missed (darnit!), but their normal price was $2.
 75.
  My bf and his friend ended up splitting a plate of about 10 oysters with a few beers between them while I got a glass of champagne and split the bread pudding with le other gf.
 The food was great! I'm not a huge fan of oysters in general but these were fresh and flavorful.
  The bread pudding wasn't the best I've ever had but was pretty good.
  Was kind of pricey but was also kind of a "scene" type place.
 Overall, we really enjoyed posting up and having a few drinks here.
  I would definitely come back here and try more of the food! I think at happy hour (with happy hour prices), this would be a great spot I would actively seek out.
 During my first year of working in Oakland, I would, on average, about once a week, take a lunchtime walk from our office at City Center to Jack London Square, usually approaching via Chinatown and Webster Street while returning via Old Town and Washington Street.
  In the latter area, I've been to Pacific Coast Brewing Company a couple of times, I've glanced at the used bookstore, and have made frequent passages through Swan's Market.
  Also noticed have been a handful of somewhat trendy-looking bars, just awaiting for me to make an appearance.
 Finally, as it often happens, I wind up at a wonderful new location almost by accident.
  A couple of weeks ago we were supposed to meet at another bar about a half block away.
  For whatever reason, however, that location was not open when it said it would be.
  Its loss and The District's gain.
  Or, more precisely, our gain - we now have a reliable standby to go to after a day of putting up with the powers that be.
  Comfy seats at right angles with room for small plates to share, the environment is just made for socializing - public but not too loud; active but with the ability to move around freely.
  Plus the place has a good selection of brews, hard alcohol, and after work food - I recommend the shrimp pizza with chorizo, with a Raging Bitch to wash it down.
  Even though it's not technically on the menu, our waitress complied with my request of an irish coffee, by improvising with Jamesons, and of course, coffee.
 So, a week later, one of the bigwigs at work decided that, for whoever wanted to take him up on the offer, we should do a pubcrawl through Old Oakland.
  It says volumes that this crawl began and ended at The District.
 District never disappoints.
  The food and libations are strictly top quality and the staff are very friendly for the most part.
  The only thing on the menu that I've tried and felt "meh" about was the pesto mozzarella pizza.
  It was pretty bland.
 I also had the chance to host my birthday festivities at District.
  Everyone in my party was treated promptly and the servers made sure my night was special.
  I didn't even have to reserve a couch, I just showed up early with part of my group.
  The space was a little small for my party (around 23 people) but we made it work and stayed out the way (or tried to).
 I booked a table at Bellanico's this week, looking for a restaurant that offered great, authentic Italian food, a great environment and a baby friendly environment.
   They delivered!.
 When we arrived they had a table for four adults and a high chair ready for us, a little offset from the rest of the dining room which was much appreciated.
   Right off the bat, our waiter was courteous, knowledgeable and professional.
   He was present when we needed him but not overbearing - just the right balance.
   Most importantly, he was patient with our group taking some time to reach decisions as he was with a 2-year old walking around the table non-stop.
 Our food was outright excellent.
   Cooked to perfection, perfectly seasoned and immaculately presented.
   The menu presents a wide array of choices to satisfy wide arrays of preferences, which we needed for our group.
   There are many appetizers to choose from, of which many also cater well to being shared as a group.
   In main courses, there are several pasta and non-pastas to choose from, and they all look delicious!.
 As a trained sommelier, I was happy to see that the diversity of the menu was reflected in the wine list.
   It's mostly Italian, and reflects all of the major wine producing areas - not a generic list of 15 different Chiantis.
   We chose the Aglianico del Vulture which was I was happy to find - I think it's the first time I've seen it at a restaurant in California.
   The list also has wines from France and Spain.
 I've been looking for restaurant that has all of the above for sometime, and I am happy I found Bellanico's.
   We will be visiting many more times.
 Just had a very awkward exchange with the lady behind the bar.
  I'm not sure if it's the way I look or was dressed but every question I had was returned with a confused look.
  Do you accept credit for gift certificates? I thought that was a valid question because some stores only allow debit or cash payment for gift cards.
  Can I use your phone to call my brother to make sure the gift certificate is addressed right? Another perplexed look.
  Then I was handed the receipt where there was a section for tip, I'll chalk this one up to how the system is set up but they may want to exclude a tip section for buying a gift card.
 -I did call after and she was much nicer but still a weird encounter.
 I live up the street and if I was more impressed with this place, I would go more.
  Yes, the food is really good.
  Portions are very small.
  If My girlfriend and I were to walk out of here with a drink and a full stomach, we wouldn't leave paying less than a $100 and that's probably without tip.
 We've had good service here before and the food is tasty.
  Three stars for that.
  Minus two stars for the way I was treated this past time and the small portion size and no beer on tap (I get it, it's a wine place but have at least one beer, this is California).
 Been several times.
  Always good.
  Looked at menu at competitor down the street.
  Big ass television for Warrior game.
  No thank you.
  That's what sports bars and living rooms are created to accommodate.
  Italian meals are about good food, conversations, and no cell phones.
  Went back to Bellancio-no reservation, but early for dinner.
  Seated promptly.
  Fried green olives - more addicting than crack.
  Had a Negroni and an Aperol spritz ( my wife) Great wine from Montalcatino.
  Best pork chop ever! Service was perfect.
 Almost had a Tony Soprano moment.
  Why do you hipsters and no etiquette knowing men wear your stupid baseball hats indoors and in a dinner house? My wife kept one of you from a good stare-down and punch out from a former Marine having dinner on Memorial Day.
 Restaurant Week Review!!!!.
 Bellanico has a phenomenal menu, and they have really chosen a tasting menu that shows off the diversity of the dishes they offer.
  I *almost* came back for lunch today, but decided to try a different menu solely for the sake of variety.
  The space is very warm and inviting; it reminded us of being in a small cafe in Europe.
  The servers were really nice, and the owner spent time walking around and making sure everything was going o.
 k.
  without being too obtrusive; he obviously cares a lot about his customers' experience.
 The menu started out with two small appetizers, both practically bite-size.
  They were a nice start to the menu; they provided a small tasting and good flavor.
 Next followed the "primi" course; we chose "tombo tuna" and "braised lamb belly.
 " While probably the weakest course on the menu, the proteins in each of these dishes were still really good.
  We were not super happy with the chickpeas in the tuna dish or the red mustard in the lamb belly, but aside from those two items, both dishes were still strong.
 The secondi dishes were very strong; we ordered the ono (turned out to be trout) and pork tenderloin.
  The pork tenderloin was the star dish of the night; I would *HIGHLY* recommend ordering it.
  The trout was also pretty good, although probably fishier than the ono would have been.
 For desert, you will get a sampling of deserts (unless you are here for lunch, in case you will have to choose).
  The espresso panna cotta and hazelnut cakes were both really, really good; I would have a tough time choosing between them.
  The hazelnut cake came warm from the oven and with homemade ice cream: yum! The cheesecake had a very strong goat aftertaste.
 Overall, we were very happy with our decision to try this great little cafe for restaurant week!.
 This was my first visit to this cute neighborhood gem.
  I was quite impressed.
  Buzzy warm vibe on a Friday night.
  Smaller restaurant with indoor and outdoor seating (enclosed patio with heaters).
 The menu was impressive because it was very unique.
  Not your typical Italian eatery.
  A lot to explore.
  They also offer the option of a fix prix menu or a la cart.
  We opted for a la cart.
 We began with the tuna crudo with watermelon radish and grapefruit.
  To accompany this appetizer we got the warm farro with hen of the woods mushrooms, cranberries, and walnuts.
  A fantastic pairing to share with the tuna crudo!.
 Next, we shared the pasta with tomatoe sauce and hot peppers.
  A super cool feature that they offer is the option to order dishes as appetizer or entree size! I love this because it gives you a lot of freedom.
  You can order a bunch of dishes and share them rather than just having one entree.
  Fun!.
 Then there is the wine list.
  Again, I was impressed.
  Wines offered from many regions.
  We explored some cool Italian whites and reds.
  And once again, they allow you to order half or full glasses.
  And they have a full menu of wine tasting flights.
  Fun, fun, fun!.
 Our server was fantastic.
  Fun guy, originally from Mexico, who clearly loves what he does.
  Passionate.
  Attentive.
  Knowledgeable.
  And just fun to talk to.
 We ended our meal with the most delicious goat cheese cheescake.
  That was a first.
 and boy was it amazing.
  Covered with pistachio toffee crumbles and paired with strawberries.
  I would go back just to order that again.
 We will return.
  Bravo.
 Finally.
   OMG finally.
   An Italian restaurant I can finally love coming too.
   It's been a long, hard battle to even find a decent meal in the Bay Area, and I found my gem in the most boring part of this area.
   Who would have guessed.
 Everything, from start to finish, was stellar.
   Just complex enough to make you feel special, and simple enough where it felt casual.
   Perfect!  The $40 fix price menu is a steal.
   We did that with an additional app, and a main, and the portions were right on.
   The chocolate pot de creme desert.
 whoa.
 it's like a lava cake.
 on par with Angelines chocolate pot de creme and Chez Mama's choco lava cake.
 I will be back here again, and again.
   It's simply stellar Italian.
   Yes it's not a hip part of town, yes there are all old people in here, if you drove by you'd think some local dump restaurant that people go to because it's convenient.
   You'd be wrong.
 Only miss:  I went to brunch before, and was not impressed.
   At all.
   I was skeptical when the gf said this is her fave place.
   But after dinner, I took back my insults from the brunch.
 Three stars because this neighborhood needs one remaining place you can get a decent glass of wine in a cute setting.
   The food is challenging.
   Perhaps if you stick to apps and drinks you'll be alright, but the mains, in my experience, vary from over salted to mushy, to flavorless.
  Good luck.
 I have no idea how Bellanico received it's 4 stars.
  I was deceived.
 To summarize: great service, cute spot, feels over-crowded, food is not good and I will never come back.
 What we ordered:.
 Duck Pate - literally slabs of pate on toast.
  Presentation was terrible and the pate taste off.
 Pork belly- not what I expected.
  It came on a skewer of chewy pork belly and fingerling potatoes and I liked the potatoes more.
 Ribeye - OK steak but nothing special.
  Temperature was correct and came with bone marrow.
 Being the snazzy little Yelper I am, I snagged a 6 pm reservation on the last day of Restaurant Week (truth: Mr.
  P knew exactly what would brighten my day and stumbled across an abandoned reservation on Open Table).
  This area can be a little limited in parking, so give yourself some extra time.
 Romantic lighting, enclosed patio seating, new silverware between each course.
  this is a very nice date night with all the lovely details without being pretentious.
  Very attentive and kind staff who put up with all my batty questions and gave me great suggestions.
  (For whatever reason I have the hardest time figuring out what is on Italian menus unless it's crystal clear.
  Agnolotti, tortelli, sformato.
  err.
 ).
 I could slowly talk you through bite by bite, but I'm going to just get to the point.
  The bacala was my absolute favorite, and I could probably eat the dark and white panna cotta every day for the rest of my life.
  I think whatever you order here will be a delightful culinary experience.
  Also it doesn't hurt coming here during restaurant week when you can indulge for just $30 per person.
  Such a steal!.
 What a wonderful neighborhood restaurant! Bellanico is a local gem that has stellar service to match their scrumptious menu.
 We came here on a lazy Sunday with our two young kids.
  They were offering their Oakland Restaurant week brunch menu for $24, to which you can add wine pairing for $10.
 Here's what we tried:.
 Burrata with roasted baby beets -- they make their own burrata, which works really well with the Grillo white paired with it.
 Braised and seared pork belly -- loved the crispy skin and tender meat, specially with the "Merlau" red.
 Poached eggs and prosciutto on country bread -- liked this version of Eggs Benedict, paired with a Bordeaux blanc.
 Butternut squash and goat cheese frittata -- fluffy and creamy, yet quite filling.
  Paired well with a Loire white blend.
 Dark and white chocolate panna cotta -- rich and creamy.
 Florentine doughnuts - our kids loved this with the sage custard sauce and chocolate dip.
  Only problem was that there were only 5 small pieces for $8.
 Goat cheese cheesecake with pistachio brittle -- my fave dessert, love the savory cheese with the crunchy brittle.
 Our brunch also came with complimentary muffins.
  My kids loved these and our server was gracious enough to provide us with another helping! Overall, we highly recommend Bellanico and look forward to coming back!.
 Parking: It was a little tough and hard to find street parking.
  Luckily on Sunday we found a few spots and parking was free.
  With my handicapped brother it was also hard to find any parking near the hotel for easier access.
  There were a few loading zone spots out front (handicapped can park there for as long as needed!) So if you have anyone that needs to be closer, that could work.
 Wow! So glad I chose this place for my birthday brunch.
  I was able to make reservations a week in advance for a party of 7.
  We got an excellent view of the lake and I really enjoyed the glass windows and interiors.
  They had live jazz music playing as well! Impressive! Their Irish coffee is strong! Be forewarned!!! I needed a nap after.
  I enjoyed the food as well, splitting a classic mushroom omelette and biscuits and gravy with my boyfriend.
  They were able to do a side pancake for me which was nice since that was unlisted on the menu.
  I also tried a bit of the Jack London omelette, which had delicious chunks of crab in it.
 All in all its a great place to bring your family and they take reservations.
  Good views, good food and good service.
  Perfect for special occasions or if you want a nice fancier atmosphere for brunch.
 We reserved a table for 4 people here on Saturday via opentable.
  However, when we arrived it was clear they didn't want us there.
  Even though we had a reservation, they didn't even ask our names.
  Instead the hostess rudely quipped 'if you want to sit down you'll have to order within 2 minutes, we have an event today.
 ' We tried to explain we had a reservation and by now a few team members had come over but only to give us a similarly rude message 'if your party isn't here very soon, they can't order'.
  We quickly left.
 This could all have been avoided by simply not accepting a reservation that you can't service, and when it happens - be nice about it.
 Coming to celebrate a graduation, we came to The Terrace Room for brunch as a big group on a Saturday.
  With the exception of the view, I'd say the place is pretty average.
 Part I: The Untrained Waitress.
 Although the waitress was nice, she had no clue about the menu, how to properly pour a champagne and the fact that water should be refilled for clients.
  Not only did she overpour the champagne glass, but managed to hold the bottle as if she is pouring vodka after a day at a Russian sauna (holding it with a grasp at the neck).
  Didn't leave the cork on the table either.
  Anyways, she didn't even know that Mumm sparkling wine was on the menu and I had to point her directly to it.
  I mean, it's a brunch restaurant, there are 3 sparkling wines on the menu, does one really need a curriculum to learn them? Unacceptable.
 Part II: The Standard Menu.
 Moving on, the menu is pretty average and the food was good.
  It wasn't anything to make me brag about this spot to a friend, but it was good.
  I had the Crab eggs Benedict and it was fine.
  Another person at our table had the chorizo omelet and had similar impressions.
 Part III: The Shining.
 Yes, there is an area where they shine and I am confident they already know it.
  The view from the table is killer, overlooking the lake, it just adds a relaxing feel to the whole establishment.
  Good spot for family pictures.
 Conclusion:.
 Would I come back? Perhaps, if I ran out of other options to try, but it's an average restaurant with an above average view.
  Had the waitress been better versed in the service industry, I would have given 4 stars for the view and food.
 We were here last night again for the Y's yearly Annual Campaign Victory dinner and I was looking forward to the beautiful view, spending time with friends and having a wonderful meal.
   I can say that I had all three but there were some rude glitches along the way.
   Dinner wasn't served until around 6:45 or 7 so we had a chance to have something to drink at the bar and chat with our friends.
 I used my yelp check-in and noticed that I could get $3 off any happy hour food or drinks so I showed the bartender my yelp check-in.
   She indicated that if I was part of the Y event, that I could not use my happy hour check-in; however, I was paying for my alcoholic drink and it was not part of the banquet we were attending as other patrons were in the bar.
   That didn't seem fair to me.
   However, I was able to get my discount for my drink.
   Then later during the dinner, one of my friends at our table, asked for some ketchup and the waiter rudely indicated that ketchup was not part of the banquet menu, what????.
 Then when the delicious dessert was being served, the waiter was asking us who wanted coffee, another friend asked for his cup to be filled but he only had his cup filled 1/4?  I asked the same waiter for some coffee and mine was full.
   This is the same waiter who refused to give another friend at our table ketchup.
 I didn't know the wait staff was so rude.
   I have never had a bad experience with the wait staff here at The Terrace Room.
 Going here transports me back to a by-gone era.
  It's so easy sitting in this place to imagine how it was in the 20s.
  It's especially nice when the sun is out and you get that nice view of the lake.
  They have live music a lot, which obviously aligns with that historical period.
  All this adds up to a really unique, fun and relaxing ambiance.
 They have pretty awesome drink specials when the do have happy hour.
  If you ask me, they need to extend their happy hours a bit, as the place is never mobbed or anything.
  It probably won't ever be a very trendy place as it IS inside a retirement home ;-) It's actually pretty neat on swing nights seeing the 20 somethings who are into swing cause it's cool again mix with the folks that dug it when it was cool originally.
 Although this place shares a building with a senior living center, it doesn't smell like old people.
  Lol! They have a lounge area before entering the restaurant part with a piano which was dope.
  Esp since there was someone there playing.
 The view of the lake is really what you're paying for here.
  Our waitress, Brittany, was very professional and friendly.
  She was upbeat and prompt with anything we needed.
  Loved how our champagne was never empty for too long.
  $17 for bottomless mimosas and bloody marys.
  The + about this place is you can switch off between the two.
  And they had a bloody mary bar for you to have fun with.
 The food was a little disappointing.
  The brunch menu was a bit limited and the quality of the food was below what it's worth.
  However, they had a cute basket of mini muffins that were tasty and moist which was different from other brunch places.
 All in all it was good to try this place out.
  I wouldn't mind coming here again but it would be for the view.
  While the food wasn't horrible, there's nothing exciting about it either.
 - Overpriced food that wasn't prepared well and hardly met an "ok" standard.
 - Bad service and waiting time.
 - No parking.
 - Possible food poising/horrible gas.
 This was a second dinner option selection due to a nearby restaurant that was closed for a private party.
  Unfortunately we made the wrong choice and ate here.
 Yes it has an amazing view of Lake Merritt, but other than that this place doesn't have anything going to for them.
 The menu is small, I ordered the soup of the day which was mushroom creme, it was just okay.
  Nothing special and was somewhat separated.
  For an entree I ordered roasted chicken that came with some kind of rice and scallions ($25) with a side of there potatoes ($6).
  When the dish came it looked awful to begin with and was swimming in a pool of oil.
  The roasted chicken was a pale skin color all over and had a lot of gristle.
  Not to mention is was two dark meat pieces (legs) the cheapest part of chicken meat.
  The potatoes where whole but needed some sort of sauce that was absent.
  The grains on the dish had a nice flavor but the greens and chicken were so overpowered by oil that it was difficult to enjoy any of this dish at all.
 The servers were friendly but it was unclear who our actual server was and we seemed to be seen mostly by the host who was busy seating.
  It was not until the end of our meal that anyone checked in about how the experience was or if we need refills on drinks or water.
 Now, about an hour later our group has all ended up in the bathroom and.
  How do I say this nicely.
  But our stomachs are in a lot of pain and it's a good thing we like each other because there's some serious gas and bathroom time happening.
 This is the place for a girl's brunch.
  First of all the lighting is amazing so all those selfies you're pretending you're not planning on taking will look INCREDIBLE.
  The brunch options are diverse and doesn't have to kill your budget.
  The food is a bit hit or miss, though.
  My first time here I got the breakfast bagel sandwich and it was utter bliss, and everyone in my group (we were a party of 9) were served speedily and everyone was happy.
  The next time I came, almost every person had a problem with their order (the wrong sides were brought out, goat cheese was missing from a goat cheese omelet).
  I'll be back again because this is a lovely place on lovely Lake Merritt, and I'll update this review to see if that day was a fluke or if it's a consistent thing.
 Regards, I'll be back because the service is great and the view is honestly worth it alone.
 As I predicted in my initial review, we didn't rush back here.
   We returned for dinner and music tonight w/ Nina and Larry.
   We found parking a few blocks away and arrived in time for our 6:30 reservations.
   It was still light out and we had a lovely view of the lake.
   One of the things that encouraged our return, beside the music, was knowing that Louis Le Gassic, formerly chef at Bay Wolf, had been appointed as their new Executive Chef.
   We were excited to try the food.
   The group, Juke Joint, started performing at 7:00 on the bandstand I had observed the last time we were there for brunch.
 We were brought menus and a plate of sliced bread w/ a ramekin of soft butter.
   Nina, Larry and I all decided to have glasses of Malbec while Alan opted for a glass of Downtown Brown, which Larry shared.
   I ordered a cup of turnip and apple soup w/ a float of truffle oil on top.
   Alan, Nina and I ordered rack of lamb, which came w/ white beans and garlic green beans and Larry ordered salmon.
   Alan and I ordered a side of honey braised carrots.
   The soup was smooth and tasty.
   The lamb was cooked medium rare and was topped w/ a tasty salsa verde, which was almost like chimichurri.
   Very nice.
   The carrots were good, as were the white and green beans.
   The wine was tasty.
   For dessert Nina and I shared an Irish coffee crème brulée, which was tasty.
   Alan had a fresh fruit plate.
   He and Larry had coffee.
   Service was smooth and just attentive enough.
 The music was marvelous.
   Several couples got up to dance, which was fun to watch.
   One in particular was sensational.
   We really enjoyed it and would have stayed even longer than we did, but the band took a break and Larry was ready to go so we left.
   According to the Terrace Room website they have live music Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights and Sundays at 11:00 for brunch.
   They have quite an impressive lineup of folks scheduled to play and I can see us returning to hear more music w/ another enjoyable meal.
 Super delicious! My friend lives across the street and neither one of us had been here.
  I had just finished the Nike Women's Half in SF so I rightfully needed to consume all the calories.
 We lucked out and scored a table immediately by the window.
  Score.
  I love a view.
 I fueled up with a cup of coffee ($4 - minus a star because I cannot understand why a cup of coffee is $4) and a water.
  My friend ordered two eyes, with wheat toast, and mini waffles.
  I had the Jack London omelet (crab, arugula, hollandaise, and I had egg whites) with wheat toast, and home fries.
  Mouth.
  Watering.
  I loved the little fruit garnish and was close to licking the plate before Jack came to take it away.
 Jack was my server.
  Nice, hipster looking fellow who was attentive, funny, and prompt.
 So four stars! I'll be back with for sure.
 just won't be getting $4 coffee.
 Terribly rude, we walked in with a reservation.
  As soon as we walked in we were rudely asked to wait with no explanation, the hostess didnt even ask our name or if we had a reservation.
 When we explained our reservation, she chirped back that we'd have two minutes to order.
 Then the chef and another hostess came out to add to their rudeness and certainly NOT make us feel welcome.
  We turned around and walked out.
  Never coming again.
 So I don't normally write yelp reviews, but I had a uniquely awful experience at the Terrace Room last night (Wednesday 4/20).
  I'll start from the beginning:.
 I was walking around Lake Merritt around 6pm and heard some amazing live music coming from this gorgeous glass room across the street.
  Naturally, I had to check it out.
  I find myself in the Terrace Room, which is incredibly beautiful.
  I decide to sit at the bar because I was not in the mood for a formal dinner.
  It was pretty busy but the bartender got to me in record time and whipped up a mean Old Fashioned (the classic old fashioned way with a sugar cube and muddler) and convinced me to order the nachos.
  If this review was about the nachos alone, they'd be getting 5 stars.
  I wish I'd had the foresight to snap a pic to post because they were a work of art.
  The brisket was so tender and the cheese was definitely drool-inducing.
  So let's just say I was in heaven.
 Then, this tiny rude server starts complaining to her that she opened a bottle of wine for him that she shouldn't have.
  (I really was not trying to pay attention but he was making a spectacle).
  She immediately apologized, and gave him an unopened bottle and got back to making drinks for the large group of women at the bar.
  Then, for whatever reason, he continued to harp on and on about the opened bottle of wine, which was very rude and unprofessional.
  I was just trying to watch the bands on stage, but instead was so rudely distracted by this one-man show.
  I don't know how the bartender kept her cool, I woulda lost it.
  I also happened to make awkward eye contact with several other people sitting at the bar, sharing looks of discomfort/annoyance with the server's display, so I know I'm not just unusually observant.
 Thought he was done but oh no he comes back barking his orders at her.
  What really got me was that when she'd rush to make the drinks, they'd then sit there for at least TEN minutes getting diluted/warm/shitty.
  Honestly, I felt really bad for that woman.
  just another example of men feeling the need to verbally abuse and dominate a young and talented girl.
  I made it known to her that I respected and admired her hard work, and she just smiled and shrugged, as if it was no big deal.
 All in all I came to enjoy the music and food/drinks, but this tiny little man just kept ruining the ambience and experience.
  It is beyond me how a manager and restaurant allows for such inappropriate behavior, let alone allow it to disrupt the experience of a patron.
  The drinks were great and the music wonderful, but it pains me too much to see that behavior, so I will not be coming back.
 Bottomless bloody Mary's and/or mimosas, what could be better?.
 Started off with a bloody Mary and told the waitress I would be switching to mimosas afterwards.
  She forgot, no big so I had two bloody Mary's and then switched.
 I was going to get the chicken and waffles, but the waitress informed me that it was two wings and not breast as I had hoped so instead got the two egg breakfast with bacon and sausage.
  They didn't skimp on the meat which was awesome and the English muffin was nicely toasted.
 They started us off with mini muffins and fresh jam that were a very nice touch.
 We sat by the window which provides an amazing view of the lake, overall great experience.
 Located in the same building in, or at least next door to, a senior living facility, the Terrace Room offers a gorgeous view of Lake Merritt from the west, which means that most of the time you won't be blinded by the sun like you would from the other side of the lake.
 The food offerings include all the usual dishes you'd expect of a mainstream Californian restaurant, with the dishes sticking more towards the familiar instead of the inventive.
  Moreover, given the generally average quality of the dishes, the prices seem just a bit steep.
 Overall, the atmosphere here is rather quiet and sedate.
  Adding to this is the fact that, lake view aside, the place feels like a country cottage.
  Your best bet would probably be brunch, when you can enjoy a sunny view of the lake, and when other folks dining at the restaurant are also in sunny dispositions.
 They have TRIVIA every other monday night at 7:30!!! It's really fun.
  The hosts are cool, the food is good, the drinks are fun (but kind of expensive).
  The parking is easy then because its late on a monday.
  I parked right against the lake, literally in front of the building.
  If you're looking for a place in Oakland to play trivia - you've found it.
  The questions range from anything about pop culture, history, oakland themed, etc.
  It's hard, but not too hard.
  6 people to a team.
  The prizes are gift certificates to the Terrace room.
  I had a blast when I went with my friends.
  I'll definitely be going back!.
 Note: The entrace to the terrace room is through the hotel entrance.
  ((I had trouble finding it the first time I went there)).
 Ok, first of all, one of the bartenders are not very nice.
  Service is slow, and I'm not sure if it was the colour of my skin, or just lack of skill, but I didn't feel very welcomed.
  The girl, Molly was nice, and I appreciated her interaction.
  Also, it literally took 40 minutes on a not so busy night to get a grilled cheese sandwich (which I had tipped before getting it).
  I was so offended and turned off of my interaction, and the way the bar tender treated my fiend and I, I did not eat my food.
 I also love how the bartender commented "you know no body cares" while I wrote this review, and yes this comment was directed at me.
  HE WAS SO RUDE ! Won't recommend a place that doesn't care about their customers, just saying!.
 very nice bartender.
  not the most crowded on a friday night but it was kind of nice not having to shove your way through everywhere.
  seems like more of a started bar?.
 someone said that they have amazing whiskey sours in their review.
  i was excited but disappointed that they served their whiskey sours in the -not with egg white- fashion.
  nevertheless, it was still well made.
  but again, just thought the drinks were reasonably priced and jsut good.
 Meet my favorite cocktail bar in Oakland! I last ended up here after being booted out of Fauna.
  Oh, Fauna, when will you do something about your absurdly early last call times? We decided to head down the street and continue the festivities for my birthday.
 After getting a nice happy birthday wish from the doorman, we headed inside to grab some drinks.
  The cocktails here were, as usual, amazingly tasty and reasonably priced ($9 - $12).
  If memory serves me correct, I stuck with my favorites: Bee's Knees and Stones Throw.
  Hooray for ginger beer! And, hooray for cool bartenders too!.
 It was just after midnight on a Wednesday night, so the place wasn't too crowded.
  Our group was able to secure a table, relax, and enjoy the rest of the night.
 Tip: This place is conveniently located nearby the 19th St Oakland BART station.
 Bonus Birthday Tip: There's a food stand about a block away with bacon-wrapped hot dogs! As if that wasn't enough, the woman running the stand is absolutely hilarious!.
 Dogwood is a solid bar in a happening stretch of town, right near the Fox Theatre where Telegraph branches off Broadway towards the north.
  There's a good variety of tasty cocktails to choose from, and the bartenders are knowledgeable and and friendly enough to make anything you want.
  What's more, there's a decent menu of munchies, like the totally delicious cubanito sandwich I tried.
  While the interior might feel a bit dark as you walk in, you'll adjust quickly to the cozy yet retro-sleek ambience.
 Also, you have to give the owners credit for sticking it out here over the years.
  Dogwood is located on such a busy street corner that drunk drivers have crashed into it twice, while rioters have also smashed the windows twice.
  Nevertheless, the area is on the way up and  the owners have bounced back each time.
  Judging by the healthy crowds this place gets, it looks like the community has embraced Dogwood as well.
 Came here before a show at the Fox Theater to grab a few drinks.
 The bees knees was sweet and yummy.
  It's dangerous because it really doesn't taste like alcohol at all.
  The 2nd cocktail I had (and the name I completely forgot) was described by the bartender as an adult version of an orange julius, and she was spot on.
  It was refreshing and the egg whites made it super rich and frothy.
  I tried a sip of what the bf drank (stones throw and farmer's daughter) and they were all good!.
 Of course, we had to try the grilled cheese.
  And the reviews aren't kidding when they say it's BOMB DOT COM.
  Perfect to munch on with your drinks!! Buttery, cheesy goodness.
 It wasn't busy when we went so we were able to find seats and service was quick and friendly.
 I'll be back!.
 $5 for a delicious, buttery, perfectly pressed grilled cheese.
  The option to add sundried tomato, basil, and mushrooms.
  Little cornichons on the side.
  Mustard (the good stuff, mind you, none of that French's yellow) provided without asking.
  Dogwood literally served me my dream sandwich on a plate.
  If that isn't culinary inception, I don't know what is.
 As for cocktails, they are creative, tasty, and strong.
  I love the Brooklyn, and the Bees Knees is, well, the BEES KNEES.
  It's true you may have to wait - Dogwood can be packed late at night, and usually have just one bartender during happy hours/early evening.
  I hate waiting, but if I had to wait, there's nowhere I'd rather hang around than a converted apothecary/pharmacy where the smell of grilled cheese permeates every corner.
 I think the bar is ok.
   I've been here many times so obviously it is good enough to come back to.
   The reason for the two stars is that I've just experienced way better.
   When I think about Dogwood, I think about a place that is just like any 'ol Mission hipster bar in the City but trying to not be that way because it is very "Oakland and proud" but, nonetheless, is just like a Mission hipster bar in the city.
   The well drinks are watered down but the cocktails are good (and overpriced, just like any Mission hipster bar).
  Except therein lies the problem, this is Oakland, not the City, so the bar would be better just being Oakland.
 I have found the bartenders to range from being very friendly to ratchet.
  who would have thought?  Also, any bartender that doesn't know what is in a Cape Cod should not be working as a bartender (IMHO).
 I'm a fan of the grilled cheese and cheese/meat plates which I do like and appreciate.
   I'm sure I'll be back to this bar at some point but this isn't really a place I care to go to on the regular.
 This place is ok if you don't mind paying those "new Oakland" prices and rub shoulders with the sf crowd, ooops, I mean new Oakland crowd that has taken over Downtown Oakland.
 Service used to be pretty good but is now pretty bad, don't think I'll be returning anytime soon.
 Drinks were decent, a little slow on service.
   A bit pricey.
 Would have given a better review if they had not doubled the tip i originally gave them.
   Be careful with using your credit card here.
 Had a nice, low-key evening at Dogwood on a Monday night!.
 I came out to Oakland from SF to meet a friend, and loved that this place was a block away from the 19th St Oakland BART station.
 I ordered a grilled cheese with tomato and basil, and it was absolutely delicious!  I also enjoyed my ginger beer cocktail, as well as a glass of wine.
 The service was very friendly, though we did have to go up to the bar to place our orders.
 The place wasn't too loud or busy on a Monday night, which made it a great atmosphere for catching up with an old friend.
 The prices are reasonable too!.
 I have visited this place many times, but I can't find myself to give a review.
  I feel the place is too pretentious, pricy, and unfriendly bartender.
  The only redeeming quality of the place is the grilled cheese.
  Not to mention very cramp.
 I have since changed my mind.
  I like the expansion and the food window.
  More room, feel more friendly, and It feel more accepting.
  Though, I was a bit tipsy because it was birthday.
  I may have to check back again to give another try.
 What I had: the bees knees, various grilled cheese sandwiches, pickled veggies.
 Visit date: January 13, 2015.
 First time? Yes.
 Twas a fun evening at Dogwood.
  I had the bees knees - it was a decent drink, sweet and sour.
  What really stood out were the snacks! We had two kinds of grilled cheese.
  One had tomato jam and the other had tomato and basil.
  Both were excellent.
  The bread had a crisp outside and soft inside.
  The cheese was gooey and warm.
  I have a special place in my tummy for tomato jam and Dogwood's was an A+.
  The dijon dipping sauce added a nice touch, too.
  So did the pickles.
 There are plenty of seats around and open space to stand around or dance.
  Order your food at the bar and they'll bring it out to you.
 Another venue that endearingly screams "Oakland.
 " This a long, narrow joint that somehow manages to pack in lots of people at the bar and in seated areas along the wall, all while featuring a dance stage in the back.
  The setting feels old-school, almost Art Deco-ish.
 The crowd is casual, friendly, and unpretentious, as is to be expected of Oakland, and there's a large menu of yummy cocktails.
  Despite the fact that it can get busy on weekends, waits at the bar are never too long, and you can fit yourself in, whether with groups large or small.
 've been to Three Fifty-Five twice in the last few years, and I enjoyed both visits.
 The bar is a narrow space off of 19th Street.
  There's a proper bar, followed by some tables and a dance floor in back.
 The drink menu is good - and cheap! My wife and I both enjoyed two cocktails each on our most recent visit, and the price tag was around $8 or $9.
 Service was friendly and efficient, which is welcome given that crowds start streaming in after nine.
 I'd be back if I were looking for a more intimate bar in downtown Oakland (until it gets a little rowdier in the later hours).
 You know, considering how Bar Three Fifty Five wasn't even our intended destination, I'd say our experience here was a pleasant surprise.
   Not that I ever thought the place would be bad.
   Not when, moments after checking in on Yelp, fellow Yelper Vi T.
  commented, "good choice".
   Talk about a stamp of approval!.
 People have described the place as a nicer type of dive, and I guess I can kind of see that.
   However, I'd say it's more like an old school bar (think Tosca Cafe in SF), what with its aged charm and decor (yelp.
 com/biz_photos/bar-…).
   There's still a bit of an Oakland vibe in the air though, and the small stage in back makes them pretty different in comparison, but that bar!  Love the look of it, as well as their slate of alcohol that fills their shelves and drinks.
 The cocktail menu is short and sweet (yelp.
 com/biz_photos/bar-…), and not very expensive at $8 a pop (no wonder they're so beloved!).
   Everything sounded great, but, on my friend's recommendation, I opted for the STARDUST REMEDY (Pimm's, Calvados, Ginger, Lime, and Falernum).
   The name may sound child friendly, but this cocktail is definitely mature.
   Balanced flavors with a decent pour, refreshing with some bite, and well-crafted by a bartender/mixologist that knows her stuff (yelp.
 com/biz_photos/bar-…).
 Since we arrived relatively early, snagging a table for the six of us was relatively easy, as was parking around the corner.
   However, don't be surprised if the place gets packed to the gills as the night goes on.
   As we were leaving, a steady stream of folks were filing in (it's just two blocks over from The Fox Theater).
   Either way, Bar Three Fifty Five is worth a visit.
 and one of my new favorite bars in Oakland!.
 Great cocktails.
  Dark and intimate venue.
 good for a date spot if you're into it.
  The crowd is hit or miss.
  Younger professional crowd around happy hour, older 30s to 40s crowd later in the night.
 OMGGGGG the red hair bartender is the rudest person ever I have never been treated like THATTT!!!!!!!she was the RUDEST person ever!!!!!! I just asked for a tequila drink and just repplied with if u want I can make u a paloma as only option efortless cuz was 1 am.
  I agreed she came with a poorly made "paloma" my peers tryed and said tasfted rotted as I thpughtttttt cuz was goss.
  Gave it back telling her something was wrong I wanted a last word and OMG she started saying bad words and throw it in my face complaining.
  Came back with a poorly made, of course.
  "Last word" OMG WiTH ICE IN THE DRINKKKKKKKKK when this drink was served UP!!#!#!!!!! I work in the industry and I WOULDVE FIRED HER ASS IN THE SPOT.
  Im a current customer and your are going to see my face often and return drinks if they are bad.
  I dont know how you can call youself bartender.
  Its not about knowledge or skills (missing on you, higly noticeable) you also need peolpe skills.
 My food was burned and waaaaaay too over priced for what it is, sorry I hate to leave bad comments, but this is the third time in a row I have terrible.
 food.
 I'm very surprised that I have not written a review for 355.
  I was here last night and it had been, possibly, a year and a half since I was last here.
  Had a written a review of this, I probably would have given this place three stars.
 The reason being, I never really cared too much for this place.
  Every time I would come here in the past, it was because other people wanted to go here.
  I just always thought they were trying WAY too hard with their cocktails and never wanted to come in here on my own accord.
 Yesterday, the lovely Lorrayne suggested meeting here for drinks.
  I was for it and since it had been so long since I was last here, I decided to give it another chance.
  To my surprise, the menu changed.
  It actually made sense and didn't give me a headache trying to look through it.
  I tried their 19th Street Manhattan.
  It was good.
  After that, I had to try their Gin & Housemade Tonic.
  I love gin and I love gin & tonics.
  Theirs was so good, I had three of them.
  Lorrayne ordered a Dark & Stormy, which is also another one of my favorite drinks.
  She let me have a taste.
  It was very delicious.
  It seems like they top theirs off with egg white and Lorrayne also informed me that they also make their ginger beer in house.
 So I must give thanks to Lorrayne for actually making me interested in Bar 355.
  I'll be back here, even if it's on my own.
 There are definitely hipsters here but not the annoying ones that think listening to their grandparents songs on a gramophone is cool.
 This place is the definition of great vibes! I love this place!.
 Make Westing brings out a diverse and social crowd.
  The music is low but still vibrant, which creates a great setting to mingle without screaming.
  Feel free to get into an intense and fun game of bocce ball! Even standing around and watching is entertaining.
  My friends and I meet and network with many amazing people all the time! Everyone is very friendly and outgoing.
 Our go to drink is the FRENCH MUSE, a must have! It looks all cute and innocent, but it is slightly dangerous! 1 will have you in a chillin' mood, 2 tipsyyy, and 3 LIT!! You will feel like you have been drinking all night, which is pretty much drink goals! My limit is usually 3, I don't dare go past! I always have a great time here! Each element of Make Westing creates the perfect ambiance!.
 This is definitely the spot to go for after work drinks, pre-games, or weekend hangouts! One of my favorite places in Oakland by far!.
 Hipster bar alert.
 Not that that's necessarily a bad thing.
  For the most part, it has a comfortable, inviting environment.
  The indoor bocce ball courts are a nice touch, but be prepared to wait a while until one opens up.
  By the same token, don't take too long when you get a court!.
 I took off a star because an employee was super rude to me for no particular reason.
  He was clearing glasses from the bocce court area and was walking back toward the bar.
  I was inadvertently blocking his pathway, but instead of asking me politely to step to the side, he said in a sarcastic, annoyed tone, "It would help if you moved.
 " Typically, that's not how you would want to treat your customers, but hey, they didn't ask me.
 Been here a few times for drinks with friends.
  Cool hipster place in downtown Oakland, slow on Mondays and usually very busy Thursday-Saturday.
 They make really good gimlets and mojitos.
  The bartenders are friendly.
  They have appetizers as well but I cannot rate them on that since I just go there for drinks, however the habanero popcorn looked really yummy the last time I was there.
 Very chill place to mingle with the locals in the area, definitely a place you can wear tennis shoes or heels.
  Recommend this place to anyone looking to go to watch the games or hang out with friends.
 Braised oxtail sando!!!!!.
 I was able to sample there Braised oxtail sandwich and let me say I will be back for more, not oily, not fatty, near perfection on a toasted bun.
  The sandwich on a whole was a tad small, especially if you are sharing, but the meat was tender and flavorful, not to salty, more or less all around perfect on meat to bun proportion.
 I also sampled the bone marrow dish, no skimming on this dish, full heavy amount of bone marrow on the bone, like most places that offer this dish you are scraping the bone to get every last bit, here the marrow was heavy, oily, thick consistency, throw it on some toasted bread that is offered and it is delicious, you can dip the bread in the sauce found underneath the bone, ohh man sooo good,.
 I do recommend this place for the food, I did sample few beers, I would stay for there food that they offer.
 food **** oxtail sandwich is a plus, bone marrow also a plus.
 service **** no wait, walked up to the bar and ordered, received the food in 5 min.
 price $$.
 ambiance **** large venue, bochi ball not regulated size but folks compete here, allot of room to stretch your legs, better to go on a week night to avoid several crowds during the friday and saturday crowds.
 I will be back for more oxtail and bone marrow.
 Love Make Westing.
  Located in what is now Uptown Oakland.
  Make Westing is serving up quality hand crafted cocktails from some of the most friendly bartenders.
  What I enjoy most at Make Westing is the cheese selection.
  Cow , Sheep or goat.
  I always go for the cow and each time I fall in love.
  Make Westing is serving Brie at its peak temp and they got it right.
 Outdoor seating with views of the hustle and bustle of the city.
  Old school tavern feel inside.
  Indoor Bocce.
  clean restrooms and comfortable seating.
  Make Westing is definitely key for Oakland Nightlife.
 I've had each of their house cocoktails and they are amazing.
 I've visited this bar twice and both times I felt extremely uncomfortable and out of place.
 After finding a seat at the bar, I was ignored by all three bartenders for atleast 15 minutes.
  Eventually, I enthusiastically waved one of the bartenders down to get his attention.
  When he finally acknowledged me, he seemed annoyed or bothered that I wanted to BUY a drink.
 This bar seems to cater to a very specific crowd, which baffles me in the ever so diverse Bay Area of CA.
 I never understand how customer service can be so bad and/or exclusive especially when they don't realize that they are offending patrons that are spending their money in these establishments.
 I likely will never return to this place as long as it is the Make Westing.
 Interesting!.
 This place has a special place in my heart.
  It is where I first met my husband and where he later proposed.
 I still haven't been able to persuade anyone to play bocce ball with me.
  :(.
 Here are the perks.
  If you're usually a designated driver this place is still a lot of fun.
  There is bocce and spicy popcorn to be had.
   There are friendly bartenders who don't stank face you for not consuming alcohol.
  They are bright enough to realize they can sell or give you something non alcoholic and that they can sell even more drinks to your pals who are imbibing.
   They know the score!!! :).
 After the office Christmas party I and a small handful of my coworkers still wanted to be out and about, so we made our way from The Lake Chalet over to Make Westing.
  We somehow managed to grab a table with seats for all five of us in the incredibly packed place, and after perusing the menu of house cocktails I decided on a Garden Gimlet (gin, cucumber, basil, and lime).
 I'm not a big drinker and have always had a hard time finding cocktails I like, but the Garden Gimlet was really refreshing and light.
  Definitely recommend.
 The bocce court was in full swing, the music was really good, and everyone seemed in good spirits.
  It was loud but we could still have a conversation, and in general the atmosphere was really positive.
  This is a cool place whether you're coming as a group or a couple, and I'd definitely like to come here again.
 This is one of the least approachable bars on Telegraph.
  I've eaten the food here, and ended up bloody from bones which were not removed from the meat.
  I've also enjoyed myself here many times after work in previous years when it was comfortable, it's when they bring in the bouncers on weekend nights that you are asking to be treated poorly.
  I would AVOID this bar until they hire more appropriate staff.
  I would always love to support local business, but this place is not safe.
 You'll notice the reviews are dropping on this place because its going down hill fast.
  I would give it zero stars if I could after my recent visit.
 You never know who you'll see at this bar!.
 A group of friends met up here before the Allen Stone concert at The Fox Theatre, and low and behold, the man himself is hanging out at the bar with friends.
  Super cool.
 It's a typical laid back, casual, hipster bar.
  Good prices, lots of space, and and nice bartenders.
  I'd come back here before a show next time, too!.
 The last three times I've been in Radio bar they've had this human body mutilation video on which is kind of disturbing, but you can ignore it by keeping your gaze ahead toward the bar.
  What you can't ignore is the crazy loud music when it's cranked.
  The latter is the only thing about this bar that I don't like, probably because I prefer to be able to hear what people are saying without having to scream WHAT? repeatedly only to give up and nod politely.
 Drinks are cheap and the bar is dark.
  Stools are comfortable, and occasionally there are patrons inside who compliment your teeth!.
 perhaps other than the fact that it seems to attract a lot of.
 If you don't like Radio then you are likely:.
 a) a pretentious prick from the 'burbs or SF.
 b) a hipster douche canoe who got lost on their way to Make Westing (much respect for MW bartenders, their evening crowd just sucks).
 c) a whiny waste of space on this planet.
 d) not friends with me, thank god.
 Zhiva, Melissa, Marni and the rest of the Radio crew are some of the nicest, most real people you will meet in downtown.
  If they don't like you, you are probably a jerk with attitude and they are hoping you leave so the rest of us don't have to deal with your dumb-shit vibe.
 That said, drinks are always strong and always delicious.
  Music is constantly changing so don't complain if you don't like it.
  If you don't like dark red-lit places, you should move along.
 If you can let your hair down with a bunch of nice people and don't want to get ripped off while you drink, this is your bar.
 Cool Divey spot.
  Very chill vibe.
  Not sure where they got the Asian decor inspiration from, but the red lights do set a decent tone.
  Bartenders were nice, service was good.
 Definitely one of the nastiest bathrooms I've seen in my Day! Hah Kudos for that! Cheers!.
 Meh.
 It's a cool place to hang out, have drinks and listen to the DJ spin, but the bathrooms are hideous and the place is kind of small.
  Dancing is out of the question.
  The drinks are good and the people seems cool.
  It's just ok in my opinion.
 Although I was the only person of Asian descent in the crowd here when I showed up, Radio appears to pay homage to its location near Chinatown by offering an intimate atmosphere that's not only lit dimly by lights in large red paper lanterns, but also punctuated by screens playing kung fu movies.
 The atmosphere seems to be both loungey and dive bar-ish at the same time, while the overall vibe is friendly, approachable, and intimate.
  I'll make a point of coming back and trying out some more of their drinks.
 My friends and I were checking around Oakland for a good nightlife.
  Being as its not the city we stumbled across Radio.
  We went on a Friday night and the moment we got in we fell in love with the vibe and music.
  Even though its small (since its a dive bar)  they have a good selection of alcohol.
 If you're looking for drinks accompanied with good hip hop and the bay area hyphy vibe this is the place to go.
 The place is tiny and cute- a little tight with the crowd it brings in but the atmosphere is loud and exciting.
  The music bumps loudly and the bartenders are lively.
  I was here via route bar hopping on Halloween night.
  I really enjoyed the extra lighting and accent of the lanterns on the ceiling.
 The walls are lined with mirrors (which is a great idea for a small place), the bar expands most of the room, there is no dance floor but of course, no dance floor is no excuse not to shake your hips.
  If you're lucky, you can find tables and seats in the back corner.
 This is someplace I would def come back to check out on a night that isn't Halloween.
  Fun!!.
 This is a dark and divey bar with a pretty laid-back vibe.
  It's narrow and sort of hard to move around much.
  The bartender was cool and suggested a great cocktail for me when she found she didn't have all the ingredients for a Corpse Reviver #2.
  My biggest complaint was the ladies room.
  It was very tiny, not very clean, and the toilet was clogged.
  I hope I would find it in better condition on my next visit.
 Damn so I really loved this bar.
   I was going a couple times a week (more like every day around 4 after work).
  Will not be returning unfortunately.
   I have been there at times and had an awesome experience with different bar tenders.
   The long haired dude who drives a sick bike! Amazing and sooper nice.
   This past 3 or 4 times I have always gotten service from a little ass hole of a chick.
   First she's a jerk, 2nd,never smiles, and third she just has an unkind persona.
   Like she doesn't want you there.
 I go back at different times in hopes that she is NOT there but she is.
 On several occasions she has not only been rude to me but my girlfriend as well.
   Instances of refusing water because she's closing her register, or telling me to ask some one else in the most Dickish way.
 Damn lady thanks to YOU you lost a loyal customer.
   MAKE THAT TWO.
 I used to always catch a last drink here before hopping on BART, so of them many times, a one drink stint is all I've really lingered for.
   And to tell ya the troof, that is all I can really muster in here.
 First, the place is thin and narrow, but long.
   If you aren't lucky enough to get a seat at the bar (which is probable), then you have to plaster your back against the long wall.
   And the space between the back of the stools and your face, is literally about 3 feet.
   And in that 3 foot space is where the rest of the schleps will have to walk, back and forth in order to get to the rest rooms.
 And to add to the insult, if it is a warm night, say 70's-80's, it will be 10-20 degrees warmer inside because I'm not sure if they have AC.
   When the place fills up, all that body heat just compounds the problem.
   I don't know how the bartenders are able to work in that heat.
   Like clothes sticking to your skin.
 heat.
   Like, let's get outa here after this drink.
 heat.
 But outside of a few major logistical issues, this place is a dive in true form.
   Decent cheap drinks, great music (must be from a shuffler cuz I didn't notice a juke) usually throwbacks of some sort.
   Diverse crowd and quintessential dive bar lighting (red district red).
   A drink here will evoke memories of intimate meetings of elaborate schemes of a devious nature.
   But that's just me watching way too many Tarantino flicks.
   Now if it can bring me there, then it can't be all bad, now can it?.
 *throws in extra star*.
 I want start this off by complimenting the bar itself I have always liked the environment and have felt invited to come in , I live in the area so I'm around the bar often.
  I'm writing this review based on how I was treated twice upon trying to enter the bar.
  I'm 22 with a baby face so u get carded (no problem with that) , I don't like how I was treated by one of the female staff who was completely rude and disrespectful to me because I don't look my age after I gave multiple forms of ID ,credit cards I  even showed a medical record and birth certificate  I should have never have had to go that far.
  After being turned away by the woman my second time trying to enter the bar the same woman told me that she would only serve me if the bar next door would serve me , so I literally went there and I was served without hesitation after being carded she walked into the bar and asked the bartender if he was going to serve me he replied yes.
  Then she se said to me ok well I'm still not serving you ,your not worth it your not worth me losing my job at the bar so drink here.
  I told her that I didn't want to go there and asked her why she was treating me that way and she replied because u look too young I don't care what your I'd says.
 I wish I had the name of the woman who was rude but unfortunately  I don't I feel the way she handled everything was wrong especially to turn a customer away to somewhere else just to come inside of that place where you do not work just  to turn them away is unprofessional and tacky.
 OTHER THAN THIS INCIDENT ID SAY FIVE STAR TO THE BAR AND IT'S CREATED  ENVIRONMENT.
 Coolish dive bar, but ultimately just a dive bar with some very red lighting.
   I look at the entrace to this bar every day, since I can see it from my work, but this was my first venture inside.
 The bartender was interesting and chatty, and the beer selection was OK.
   The very red lighting I didn't care much for, but I guess that's its shtick.
  Ultimtely though, to me, it's just another bar.
   I'm not sure it'd be my first choice for after work - I might go to the Tribune instead which has a better beer selection, and food.
 5 stars for the drinks.
  They are strong and CHEAP.
  $4 for a gin and tonic.
  That's cheaper than a beer at most places!.
 I went on a Friday night and the music was an interesting mix of early 2000's R&B  and some stuffs that I had never heard before.
  It was sort of hit or miss.
  It would start off with Shaggy "Wasn't Me" then would abruptly change to some tribal beat type deal.
  Maybe I'm ignorant to good music or not cultured.
  Maybe cultured people enjoy the music more.
  All I know is I'm most happy when old school Nelly is playing uninterrupted for the entire night but maybe that's just me.
 Plea to the manager: PLEASE stop letting people in when the place is saturated.
  The bar is tiny.
  By 11 pm it was nearly impossible to move yet I noticed the bouncer letting more and more people in.
  We ended up leaving because it was so crowded and hot and not worth it :/.
 Still, I give the place the 4 stars because I like the laidback vibe, the cheap drinks, and the hip hop/R&B jams.
 A hipsterish establishment that's super, super dark.
  So dark, in fact, that you'd half expect to see the Milky Way galaxy hovering overhead as if you were on a middle school stargazing trek somewhere super remote.
 But instead of worrying about zombies popping out of the forest like you did on those dark stargazing treks, you'll have to deal with, well, hipsters and other more borderline types, who for all you know could indeed be walking zombies after a drink or a joint or two.
  The dim red lighting doesn't accentuate people's best features, and you never know if people are staring at you just because they're also having a hard time seeing, or if they really really are creepy.
 I appreciate that there are divey places like this in Oakland, but I also appreciate that there are many other places in Oakland to choose from that are more happening and more my style.
 I dig it here.
  Cheap happy hour from 4-9pm, they have Manhattan (my kinda drink), Martini, Lemon drop and Margarita all for $5.
  It's really dark when you first walk in but your eyes will adjust eventually and all you see is the red lighting.
  There are pool tables all the way in the back but it's also where the smokers are which I'm not a fan of cigarette smoke so I stay away from there.
  DJ plays music after 10 or something like that and there's a small dancefloor so it gets packed around that time.
  Bartenders and security were pretty friendly.
  I don't like that the bathroom only has one stall and can get pretty nasty but hey, it's to be expected at any bars right! It's a good spot to go to after work to decompress or meet up with friends for a good night and parking is always easy to find.
 Hey, Bartender chick socializing with her friends with her back to me.
  (For over 10 mins).
 You suck and you're not as cool as you think.
  You saw us and went about hooking your friends up with free drinks.
  You should be fired.
 As for the bar, loved the dingy vibe with the added hip hop.
  Usually, dives like this play metal which is what I'm used to.
 Too bad they didn't know who I was.
 We didn't make it into the annual Autumn Lights Festival and were waiting in line in the cold with 1,000+ people.
  We left and took a stroll on Lake Merrit and decided to continue the night in a better fashion.
  We weren't sure what to expect and I didn't brush up on my Yelp reviews of this place, however, didn't think it was too bad of an idea.
 We walked in and the place is completely dark.
  You can literally piss or barf in the corner somewhere of at the bar, and no one would even notice it.
  The light bulbs were all red tinted, which made the whole place blood red.
  It's def.
  appropriate for it's name.
 and for Halloween.
 There was no music that night, unfortunately, because drinking and dancing is always a great pair.
  The drinks were cheap, the bartender was friendly, and clientele was "freakish".
  Maybe it was just the lighting.
  The place is small in size, not sure where the dance floor would have taken place if there was a DJ playing that night.
 We grabbed drinks and headed to a closed off back side where pool and chain smoking took place.
  The crowd was decent, mostly groups of friends hanging out.
  However, the tables were mostly covered in grossness and the seats weren't too clean either, but it's a dive bar- that's how they get the label right?.
 I can see this place as a good stop on a night of bar hopping, maybe to pre-game and have smokes indoors, but definitely not a place to just hang out at all night.
 Horrible.
  Requested fun  dance music for the ladies completely crowded AROUND the deserted dance floor.
  The DJ  took a full 15 MIN to transition to dance party tunes that filled the dance floor for half an hour.
   Everyone was so happy! Then the dirge of indulgent "ni**a ni**a blessed pu*sy" - you can't make this up, music that cleared the floor.
  When asked WTF I was told there was a 'formula' to get people to the bar.
  Horrible club.
  Terrible drinks.
  If you want to dance, look elsewhere.
  The DJ is faaaaaaaar too into himself to keep the peeps happy to dance :(.
 Creepers creeping in a way too smokey room, and I'm a smoker.
  Good music and good drinks though.
 Great "dive bar"! Wouldn't have known about this place if I wasn't brought here.
  No sign on the outside so you wouldn't think to come in.
   So dark inside.
  There is a smoking lounge (did we go back in time??) But you can stay clear of that and just hang by the bar and the front area, no detection of any smoke so no problem! Drinks are affordable.
  Music is a throwback, but overall a good place to start/end the night!.
  Really cool atmosphere.
   I absolutely LOVED the music selection.
   Could've turned the music down  a little (it was a little distorted).
   Drinks were great, well priced.
   Friendly bar staff.
   I'd recommend to friends.
  Definitely a dive.
   Terrible DJ.
   And I don't just mean that they didn't play my kind of music.
  I mean that the music was all over the place: just when the dancing got started, the music would shift to something totally undance-able.
   But on the upside, it's easy to find.
   And there's a lot of seating, which I loved.
  The Night Light was quite the surprise discovery.
   I met up with some friends for a birthday celebration on Friday night that kicked off at Plank in Jack London Square.
   After finishing up a game of bowling, we were in need of a new bar for the rest of the evening.
   Luckily one of my friends knew about about The Night Light, so we made the short walk over.
   I was expecting a mediocre dive spot when we first entered, but my first impressions were corrected in short order.
  There is apparently an upstairs area that is used for concerts but we stayed in downstairs area.
   With regard to the downstairs portion of the place, there is a bar with stools that runs the length of the place, some more comfy seats along the opposite wall, and a DJ booth and small dance floor at the far end.
   I thought I was going to bumping into people all night long, but to my pleasant surprise, everyone was extremely chill and there was plenty of space on the dancefloor despite a healthy crowd.
   The DJ played a great mix of hip hop throughout the night.
   Ignoring an initial failed attempt at making an Old Fashioned, the rest of the cocktails for the evening were well-made and tasty.
   The drinks were also reasonably priced (3 for $24 before tip).
  If in the Jack London Square area and looking for a good place to dance and grab a drink, definitely checkout The Night Light.
  The Night Light might look divey from the outside, but the downstairs portion is great for large groups, has a lively, fun vibe on weekend nights, and offers decently priced drinks that pack quite a punch.
   The upstairs portion often hosts live acts for a modest cover.
  As with many Oakland establishments, it's the clientele that really makes things, and, true to Oakland's reputation, the crowds here are diverse and friendly.
   Worth a visit either for chilling out downstairs or checking out a live act upstairs.
  Oh, hello white people of Oakland.
   Are we cramping your 'style'? Oops.
   Concerning when a bar experiences an influx of a color unbeknownst to them and makes it completely obvious.
   Thank you, we hardly noticed.
  On the intro act, the power went out 3 times.
   I missed most of the headline act b/c i had to catch the last BART train.
   They couldn't hire an electrician to check the system first.
   :(.
  I come here mostly for The Hanging Garden nights, which I might add are now TWO FLOORS of all my favorite classic goth, new wave and synthpop (read: dance club!)  Highly recommend going early it does get packed but you will have fun and get sweaty!.
  My friend and I were in the bay area for the weekend.
   We were walking down Washington St and heard Michael Jackson playing, so we went in!Super fun night! Very chill and laid back, cheap drinks, great DJ and good times.
   Everyone who was there just wanted to have a good time.
   The bouncer was funny and inviting.
   If you're in the area, go and have fun!.
  The Night Light is a perfectly serviceable little bar, upstairs over another bar.
    There's not much to the venue, it's just one room and fairly small, but it's got that dive bar vibe that I like so much.
   The decor, the velvet wallpaper, and the dim lighting all give it a casually-classy speakeasy look.
   The staff and bartender were all friendly, we got our drinks quickly and the cost (for cover and drinks) was reasonable.
   The only issue I had was that the small venue size didn't really work with the event I went to.
   The venue atmosphere worked perfectly for the theme of the event, but there was barely enough standing room for the large crowd, let alone for the swing dancing they were advertising for the event.
   But that was more on the event organizers and not on the bar itself.
   Night Light seems like my kind of bar, a nice dark hidey hole to drink away a few hours with your friends.
   If I lived nearby, I could totally see myself being a regular at the Night Light.
  Came in here to kill some time to eat some sushi next door and ended up staying here longer than usual because of the great service and awesome vibes.
  JOHNNY is the man.
   He greets you as you come in, asks you what drink your in the mood for, let's you know what he has in stock, and makes the drink for you with great taste.
  The man even remembers my name and checks up on me to see how I'm doing .
   from the bar (as I'm seated from across the room)! Love this guy!Johnnyyyyy, you're the man, keep doin what you're doin.
  Loved the bartenders! They took shots of patron with me, little expensive, 10$ per shot but cool people.
   Laid back grungy hipster vibe.
   Music was loud and I felt at home.
  Went to The Night Light to a benefit show for a musician that was slain recently in Oakland.
   The venue seemed really small at first but it was a great night.
   No comments on the drinks or restroom since all I drank was water ( I was the DD) and never had to use the restroom.
   Just beware where you park!! I was lucky enough to end up in the parking garage and we found out that one of the bands vans was broken into before the show even started.
  It was a cool place to chill out after our job's X-Mas party.
    The dj had good music and I kinda forgot I was in Oakland.
  Cool ass people in there!.
  What a gem we found last night! Casual ambiance, no cover, great dj! Photobooth inside but it costs $5.
   Bartenders were nice and didn't have a poor attitude.
   The DJ was playing all the 90 hitters which brought us back.
   We were singing along and dancing.
   If this DJ plays every Saturday night, I wouldn't mind coming back.
  Cool place, great drinks, fantastic staff, and friendly environment.
   Will definitely be back.
  Fun place that I've hit a few times while going to concerts in Oakland.
    After about 5pm they have a DJ in the corner of this dark and leathery place.
    Good music, happy people, good drinks!Mixology is emphasized here with many artisan style cocktails at fair prices.
  I'll be back!.
  The Night Light is the worlds best bar.
   Epic vibe, good drink, truly a solid place to turn up.
   I left my card on the counter not knowing and one of the bar tenders ran it out to me.
   I think his name was Jason or Charles, either way.
   I will be back, but this time I'm bringing my Vape.
  Definitely my favorite bar in Oakland.
   Perfect for some casual after work drinks or weekend partying.
   The bald white dude (Jason I think?) makes the best margarita I've ever had.
   You're missing out if you're not drinking at The Night Light.
  I like this place well enough, but not my favorite place in Jack London Square.
   Last Friday is a good place to be and happy hour price is reasonable.
  Awe, My absolute favorite spot to go in JLS for an after dinner drink and dancing.
   They always have a DJ on the weekends.
   The photo booth is all kinds of fun.
   Cozy couches everywhere in the dark atmosphere.
   The bar area and staff is nice.
   Prices aren't too bad for JLS.
   Looking forward to being back soon.
  This bar seems like it has good vibe and a classy demeanor.
   BUT, the bad apple spoils the bunch.
   I got my change stolen by the bar tender Charles twice! The second time while I was calling him out for such a petty theft.
   His words exactly, "My bar, my money".
   I had good reason to file a report with the BBB.
   Lucky for Night Light owners I was talked down by the superior bar tender Casey.
   Casey not only made me feel comfortable, but returned my stolen change, and insured me Charles would no longer be our server.
   I honestly feel bad for Casey because he has to share his tips with Charles.
   I feel even worse for Charles because he did not even realize he had spoiled his bed enough to offer an apology.
   Customer service is not for everyone but when drugs, alcohol, and ego are in the mix things can become dangerous.
   I had a terrible experience but I would go back if I saw a hot enough girl in there, and poor Charles had been relieved of the stress of a front of house position.
  It's cool bar.
    Those kids who seem to complain, go back to the city.
    Many of us like it just the way it is.
   Chill music, chill staff, chill regulars.
  Great little bar that had Anchor Christmas ale on tap, nudie paintings in ornate frames, and a couple of cool Sunday night DJs that spun some goth and industrial tunes--yes, vinyl.
   Fun times.
  I read so many great reviews about this place I had to check it out.
    Reviews do not lie.
   The place is casual, relaxed, friendly.
   Awesome bartenders and DJ plays excellent music.
   Everyone there seemed to be having a good time.
   Highly recommended if you are from out of town or if you are a local.
  So.
   much.
   whiskey.
   Definitely more than I've ever seen in a dive bar - though I guess this is slightly above that, but not quite one of those pretentious mixology places yet.
   The bartenders are friendly, and took care of everyone, even though they were slammed on a Friday night.
   They checked back in with us regularly, and chatted with us to recommend different scotches.
   They know their stuff, but they don't rub it in your face.
  It seemed like the upstairs bar through the other entrance was for dancing, and downstairs is for drinking.
   Wish they did have a dance floor though, because they were playing great music.
   I'm adding the Night Light to my usual list (The Layover, Bar 355) for the perfect trifecta of bars in Oakland.
  I don't remember much about this place, except that I came after striking out at the other bars nearby.
   It seemed cute (and dark) inside and the drinks were fine (male bartender was super nice and didn't look down on me for getting 'beginner's drinks').
   What I REALLY remember was back to back fantastic 80's songs (along the lines of Fleetwood Mac) and having a great time.
   More people should go and get a better crowd assembled!.
  The Night Light is a quaint lil' spot in Oakland (conveniently across a Dominos).
   The inside is reminiscent of a speakeasy; red walls adorn the room with low lighting and black accents.
   I would say that this spot should admit about 25 people only to allow for ample space, but that's a guestimation on my part.
   Bands play a little too loud for this venue and I would say jazz acoustic music would be preferable (decibel-level wise).
   Overall, a-ok :).
  This place has upstairs and downstairs, both with bars, both accept cards, and both have good service.
    Upstairs also has a stage where they have live music, and the sound quality is surprisingly good.
    Parking is not difficult at night, it is easy to get to and from the freeway, and the cover of $5.
  00 is totally worth it.
    NOTE: The cover only is applicable to upstairs for live music, downstairs has none.
  This place reminds me of those timeswhen you are hanging on the front porch.
  Drinking with your friends.
  Having another one.
  And the fun never ends.
  Or as a kid when you are hanging in the alley.
  Drinking with your friends.
  Having another one.
  The fun never ends.
  Or when you are hanging out at Fest.
  Drinking with your friends.
  Having a great timeand the fun never endsAnd then that timeI was at the Night Light hangin' with Titograbbing some drinks and the fun never seemed to end.
  Until we were going down Broadway to grab him some cigsRho and Dottie show up for a good timebut so do the pigsSo we go back inside the Night Light for another drinkAnd the fun never ends.
  This spot turns out good drinks and seems to cater to a more mature (30s and 40s) clientele, at least on a recent Thursday evening.
   It can get loud, but hey, it's a music venue too.
  Cool and unpretentious pub near Jack London Square.
   They have a good selection of interesting cocktails made with some organic ingredients.
   The decor is Spartan leather and the music is loud, though offering a groovy mix, especially when a live DJ is present.
   The space has the feel of being a warehouse with some furniture and a bar, but it works.
  This place is classy, sexy, hip and overall amazing.
  Will always be my place to go when I need a drink and good company.
   Love you guys, keep rocking it.
  The Night Light (b/w Nation"s &amp; souley vegan) has been resurrected as a sensual drinking hole with brown tones, brown woods and stylish nudes on the woods.
  a relaxed mood is enhanced by the easy listening r &amp; b music.
   space isn't that big.
   you beat the rush by going to happy hours, every day, 4-8-well drinks(4)-draft beers (4?)-specialty drinks ($1 off)drink: gin &amp; tonic (4)-heavy pour, 1 1/2 oz gin, i hearlady from the sea (9)-rum, cane sugar, and ?just a sweet drink.
  on draught-6 micros on draft-bill, the bartender ,is cool, laid back.
  Night light, my you do shine bright! Tucked between Ginza and Nations on Broadway, not too far from Beer Rev and Souley Vegan, It's a stone's throw away from many favorite things.
   Five stars alone for the fact there's another stellar drinking establishment close to my favorite toasty crispy burger.
   For me, Night Light screams, "Ladies, drop your man off at boyfriend daycare (Beer Rev) and come grab a yummy nautical themed cocktail with your girlfriends!" Not to say that boyfriend didn't like it, nono, he did.
   But sometimes, dare I say, it's just not a beer night.
   And sometimes, after said delicious toasty crispy, I'd really enjoy a cocktail.
   The Night Light is brand new.
   Yup, mm that new paint twinge is still there.
   The interior is cush and luxurious.
   Dimly lit with lots of leather seating, it begs the question, is there a nautical wench waiting for a suitor upstairs? It struck me that the design is eerily similar to 355.
   The space, however, is much more open and conducive to lounging.
   I enjoyed the sound they had going.
   Boyfriend and I just stopped in for a quick cocktail on our way home.
   I tried and loved the Wild and Free.
   Boyfriend enjoyed his high on Rye.
   Both were 8 bucks each.
   Didn't break the bank although I wouldn't call it exactly cheap.
   They don't accept credit cards which is a little annoying but nothing we couldn't figure out.
   Night light, I hope you are here to stay.
   Especially if your co-owner Doug was serious about his promise of unlimited free drinks :).
  The owner doug really cares about this place.
   Although I didn't have the best experience here, I am willing to give it another try because doug really takes his work seriously.
  Had a few cocktails to celebrate by birthday after having dinner in the area.
   I was very surprised that this was here.
   I really enjoyed my drink and the furniture was nice.
   The decor makes this spot feel trendy.
   There are mostly dark colors and darker woods used in the decor.
   I also like the wallpaper and it was fuzzy.
   I only wish there was a little more ventilation, it was one hot summer night plus drinks was making it like HOT.
   This is a great spot.
  Really fun place that is off the beaten path of Oakland bars and is always a good stop after Merchant's or Beer Revolution.
   Lucy and Dougie keep the place going great.
    The happy hour prices are awesome.
    For some reason, the bar upstairs is run like a separate entity so each drink costs more so remember to order downstairs.
    Your drink will still be scientifically poured into the jigger and not an extra drop.
  The neighborhood already has some amazing beer spots (Trappist and Beer Revolution), so it's about time a cocktail destination opened.
  I sampled 3 or 4 of the house cocktails and all were great, nice atmosphere and service.
    Predictably quiet on a Tuesday around happy hour, so I hope that things pick up closer to the weekend.
    These guys deserve a crowd.
  Cash only right now, but there is an ATM on site.
  Part divey, part mixology, and full blown hipster.
    If any of those three appeal to you, definitely stop by for a drink at least.
    The venue is really small, but breathes character.
    Everyone from the owner, bartenders, and doorman treats you like a customer.
    Service is fantastic, and they often come socialize with you on less busy nights to make sure everything is up to par.
    This gives me hope that neighborhood divey places that serve mean cocktails are still around.
    You won't hear the "UNCE UNCE UNCE" of EDM or top 40 here.
    Instead you'll find ambient lighting and lounge rock playing.
    Awesome place to catch up with old friends.
    Drinks are definitely stiff.
  Wait staff is not pretentious at all.
  PROTIP:  They make an absolutely mean old fashioned.
    Their whiskey selection is definitely not shabby either.
  Night Light is a great addition to the neighborhood.
   It's a chill, unpretentious bar with a besuited doorman, good bartenders, good drinks, and really good music.
  I haven't gone to any shows yet.
  Classy! Lots of comfortable furniture and space (at least, there was on a weeknight).
   My bartender was kinda daffy but I wasn't in a hurry.
  Saw a show upstairs and really loved it -- the bartender up there was great, the lady at the door danced along, everyone was super nice and nobody was pretentious even though there's a big shelf full of rye.
  My group of friends and I (Oaklanders!) were stoked to check this place out on opening night.
    We got there at 8:30, so it wasn't that late into the evening when we showed up.
  The doorman was awesome.
    He was seriously the best thing about the night!  He gets 5 stars.
  The space looks really nice - the outside arches and fairy lights, the fuzzy interior wallpaper.
    That's 4 stars.
    Probably the worst thing about the experience was -- when we met the doorman, we were like "Man! This place is going to be awesome!"  We had really high expectations for what this place was going to be like.
    Plus, our group of friends loves really hard on the Oakland bar scene, and JLS, and were hopeful that there would be a reason to head this way a little more often.
  However, it was really disappointing in the sense that I, and I think most of my friends, really feel no reason to go back here.
    Hence, the 2 stars - "meh.
   i've experienced better.
  "The cocktails on the menu were good tasting (if they had been mixed properly), and similar prices as other bars we love (Chop Bar in JLS, Van Kleef, Make Westing, Layover, etc).
    So that was fine.
  But the service?  The bartender I got a drink from was okay.
    Only problem was that their first cocktail on the menu, the "Old Smokey" (something like that) was already unable to be made due to lack of ingredients.
    Okay, so it's opening night and they're learning, but wouldn't you want to have a lot of the stuff on hand for your headlining cocktail?My drink was okay, but it wasn't mixed up at all, just everything layered, so it got kinda gross cuz I couldn't stir it and so had to drink up all the sweet stuff first, then when I could stir it, it was unbalanced.
  One friend reported that his bartender was actually really mean to him.
    She was repeatedly shouting prices at people (in a not friendly manner, not in an "it's loud in here" manner).
    Also, for other drinks our friends got, the prices seemed to range wildly for the same drink - between $6-9 for the same drink within our group of friends.
  Later, when a friend returned to buy a drink for himself and his partner, he was told by a bartender that he couldn't order a cocktail.
    Even though cocktails are on the menu and the other bartender was making them.
  To be fair, they were probably just understaffed and overwhelmed.
    There seemed to be only two main bartenders, and one third who was partially making drinks and partially running around.
    But why go somewhere to get such disappointing service? You'd think that you'd want to pull out all the stops on opening night, or at least just be prepared with enough staff and ingredients.
    Or if you're not prepared, be friendly and gracious about it - smile maybe?  Most Oaklanders are understanding about shortages of drinks and staff, but not about being treated poorly.
    I'd give this place another chance (based on the doorman alone, actually) to hopefully make some positive changes after a crappy friday night opening.
   They're supposed to also have shows, which I'd go to check out.
   However, there are so many better options that have their stuff together in Oakland, so I'm not in a hurry to go back.
  To illustrate why not, a couple Fridays ago, same group of friends ended up at Van Kleef and the owner was walking around passing out several rounds of complimentary tomatoes with vinegar/sea salt to everyone in the bar.
    And it wasn't a special occasion.
    And there were a lot of people in the bar.
  There's a reason I prefer to stay in Oakland to go out and skip San Francisco, and unfortunately, the Night Light isn't quite there, yet.
    Let's hope they get it together.
  They have velvet wallpaper, leather man chairs and, at least when we were there, a propensity to lure people into many drinks followed by a late night Hulu marathon of Soul Train when you return home, maybe a bit drunk.
   In case you were unaware this entire scenario goes well with whiskey.
   Yes, they have whiskey and they know how to make it into delightful cocktails.
   All of this on their second night.
   Yes, I am looking forward to more of this good in the neighborhood.
  This place is great.
   Always good tunes spinning.
   Really good happy hour.
   Friendly bartenders.
   Great for after work.
  This is literally my girlfriend and my favorite night spot in Oakland.
   We go to shows here regularly upstairs and Doug always gets great acts to come.
   Once you walk into the place the vintage decor and mini living room setups make you feel right at home if you're looking for a cozy place to sit and socialize.
   The DJs are always on point and play the best music but don't go in here expecting top 40 because that just isn't going to happen.
   You can tell its just not a top 40 music kind of place.
   If you want to hear music you have never heard before or something that will bring you back to time in your life when you had a funky hair cut then this is the spot for you.
   The crowd always gets into the music and so does the staff.
   The bar is always making great drinks and have good recommendations.
   Doug is just the coolest guy most personable guy ever.
   He came up and spoke to me and my girlfriend while we dancing at the Brothertiger show and he even danced with us.
   We shared stories and hung out.
   He took us over to the bar and walked behind it to get us drinks and my face went .
   "Are you allowed to do that?" I said and he goes "Yeah.
   I own the Nightlight".
   The rest is history.
   All in all if your a Oakland local or an out of towner anyone can enjoy the awesomeness that is the Nightlight.
   Take all your friends here and introduce yourself to the kind gentleman who is their bouncer because he will remember your face.
   Go here if youre looking for a good time with drinks music and good people.
  At risk of perpetuating gender binaries, I'm going to go out on a limb and call this a man bar.
   Something I, even as a woman, crave from time to time.
   What makes this a man bar, you say? Well, for starters, the clusters of stately brown leather chairs and sofas that look like they've been stolen from the library of an estate.
   Sitting in these chairs makes you yearn for a pipe and scotch on the rocks.
   Then there's the flocked wallpaper, exposed old-timey lighting, and the portraits of nudes languorously hanging from the walls.
   What makes this place awesome is definitely the decor, but there's also a nice variety of liquors and friendly service.
   I'd recommend stopping by on a Sunday when it's not too packed to get a seat.
  Fantastic cocktails.
  Friendly and knowledgeable staff.
    And I love the decor.
  I am only speaking for the bar downstairs as I have never been to the upstairs venue.
  My little old lady heart went aflutter: Edison bulbs over the bar, velvet wallpaper, furniture with feet!  A bar tender with a Dali-meets-Cowboy mustache!! II ordered a whiskey ginger, and he sprinkled a little Worcestershire sauce on top--yum!! The doorman with a bulletproof vest was a teensy unnerving, especially after he clarified he just wore it because he'd been "shot at too many times.
  " All in all, a really fun, adorable bar.
  Went here recently for happy hour.
   what can I say? I'm a fan.
     Love the decor.
    On the day I visited, there were DJs playing good music downstairs, but the volume was kept to a reasonable level so you could still talk to your friends.
   something I appreciate.
    My cocktails were fantastic, and you could tell the bartender takes pride in his work.
    Seriously, some of the best cocktails I've had in ages.
    "I'll be back.
  ".
  Aptly named and well-positioned, the latest addition to Broadway's booming West End is definitely lighting up the night.
  From the stately facade with the carnival-esque lights and Wild Wild West signage to the warm glow of a slew of crystal chandeliers and wall sconces, The Night Light is beaming the modern-urban-oasis-meets-sexed-up-saloon vibe.
  With vintage details abound, like the cash registers, the lush, leather club chairs, the bordello-esque wallpaper and boudoir paintings, the distinct crackle of vinyl over the Hi-Fi, and their own version of Miss Kitty (Miss Megan) behind the bar slingin' high-octane drinks, it's like a step back in time that is right ON time.
  Makes sense coming from the former owners of The Ivy Room in Albany and Kitty's in Emeryville.
   It's not their first trip to the rodeo, they do seem to know a thing or two about attracting and keeping a hip and loyal clientele.
  Works out great for us Oaklanders.
   Now the Uptown Crawl merges with the Downtown Crawl with other great haunts like The Trappist, Beer Revolution, Tamarindo and Haven and the Oaktown party don't stop.
  Freaking awesome.
   The amount of work that these boys put into making this fantastic shows.
   Way to make Oakland even more awesome!! Can't wait to come here when they put the sexy ladies on the wall and when their music venue opens- just freaking awesome!!.
  Not too crowded for a Friday! Good drinks! Good DJ spinnin old school jams.
   Will definitely go back for a relaxed night out with friends.
  This place is amazing.
    I highly recommend for great music, vibes, and drinks!.
  I have been here 2 times now, both were really good experiences.
    We went for happy hour, I was thrilled at the whiskey selections! Tons of different types and a really interesting drink menu.
   The bartenders were both really nice and helpful and the interior is really nice.
  Pretty cool place (ground floor speaking since I didn't get a chance to go upstairs), it definitely gets loud when the music is playing.
    Bartenders are nice and the bouncer is friendly too.
    Comfy chairs and spinning bar stools and prices are reasonable.
    Lots of street parking but may have to drive around the block one or two times.
  This is really the only reason I go out after dark.
   Which, granted, still doesn't happen as often as it should - there are regular awesome shows here featuring a bevy of great local garage bands upstairs, and some excellent DJs downstairs.
   The decor is kind of stunning, the drinks are solid, the staff is a fantastic group of people.
   Usually I'm wary of places that separate the stage/venue from the bar because there can be a weird dis-congruity between crowds, but it works pretty well here.
   Even when there's a less-than-obvious show/DJ match up (like the psych-garage show with old-school hip-hop DJ night that'll pop up now and then) it still manages to feel comfortable moving back and forth, unlike the middle-school-dance complex many of these places can get (opposite sides of the room, *maybe* one or two brave souls crossing over to dance).
  And in terms of service, yeah, it's a bar, sometimes you don't get your drink immediately.
   But I'd rather be spending my Saturday night with good company and good drinks and good tunes than plop down somewhere where the bartender has nothing to do but sit in front of me and pour my bevvies.
   If I'm just looking to get drunk quick I'll stay home.
  Pro-tip: regular Monday-night stand-up downstairs.
  Pro-tip 2: AC Transit late-night free shuttle b/t downtown &amp; JLS.
  Pro-tip 3: Nations next door is open until 1, but no late-night breakfast.
  The hubs and I stopped in for an after dinner drink.
   I've did some research on yelp about this place and thought that this bar had a pretty cool vibe based on the interior pictures.
   The decor is pretty neat with a speak easy feel.
   Old leather wingbacked chairs and dark ornate wallpaper and wood paneling gives you the feeling that this is the type of place to enjoy a good stiff drink.
   As much as it looked old-fashioned inside, it's really eclectic in that they have live music and a DJ table.
   This probably is a great venue for bands to play because there's a lot of room.
   We went early on a Friday evening so I'm sure this place probably gets really busy later on, but it was kind of weird thinking that the speakeasy ambiance of this joint would soon be filled with hip/hop or rock music.
  but that may be part of it's eclectic charm.
   I would imagine that this place wouldn't be a great place to have a convo with a group of friends late at night due to the music they play, but probably for a happy hour style outing, this would be a good spot to sit and have a few cocktails.
   Although we really liked the ambiance of this place, the cocktails were ok.
   Their list of house cocktails looked really great and the couple that we ordered were good, but compared to some other bars that we frequent, they didn't blow us away.
   Overall, It's a nice looking bar that's probably great for seeing a band or listening/dancing to music while having some drinks.
  but if you're looking for a quieter lounge type atmosphere with a bigger selection of drinks there are probably other bars in Oakland that would cater to that better.
  This review is based on a happy hour visit and a Saturday night visit.
  Aesthetically, Night Light harkens back to the 1920s.
   The interior features a nicely finished wooden bar, and the alcohol is housed on brightly illuminated wooden shelving that frames a large mirror.
   There are a number of bar stools for patrons looking to gaze at the alcohol (or themselves) while imbibing, yet not so many that you feel you're rubbing shoulders with the stranger next to you.
   The rest of the surprisingly ample interior space comprises of a collection of comfortable (p)leather armchairs, loveseats, and side tables, all smartly arranged to accommodate smaller and larger groups.
   The walls are wood paneled above a 1920s era wallpaper style, and an attractive chandelier and a couple of other ceiling lights dimly light the space.
   All in all, it's an attractive, relaxing interior space.
  Night Light seems to be going for the small-batch, artisanal alcohol program, much like the other newer bars over in the Uptown area.
   The cocktail menu was solid, but no more interesting than the various other artisanal cocktail menus that are popping up like wildflowers.
   I ordered a drink off the cocktail menu (the name of which escapes me), and it was quite tasty yet unbalanced; the smokiness of the single-malt scotch overpowered the other ingredients.
   Either way, it was good enough that I ordered a second.
   I also had a decent Manhattan.
   Drink prices (cocktails ranged from $8 - $10) were very fair for a bar of this caliber.
   They also had some beers on tap.
  The service was very good.
   My bartender was attentive and very friendly.
   I observed him trying to serve people in a first-come, first-served fashion, which I always appreciate.
   A second bartender also seemed to have the right idea - she appeared friendly and efficient.
  Bottom Line: Night Light is a solid newcomer in an increasingly crowded and competitive field.
   While not without many merits, the drinks were not exceptional and (for me) it's a tad off the beaten path.
   While I will definitely return and have already recommended Night Light to several people, it's not among the "best" bars Oakland has to offer.
   Four Stars.
  Decided to give NL a second chance and what better time than around my birthday!  This time around was definitely better.
   Service was exceptional at this speak easy bar.
    They now accept all major credit cards.
   The music was a great mixture of hip hop, old school, and other great classics.
    The crowd was mixed which is perfect especially in the east bay and last but not least  the mixologist were definitely on point because the drinks are oh so tasty as well as  quiet a bit of a selection of drinks to choose from the menu.
   They do accommodate seating for larger parties and their is no cover which is a major plus!!  I could see myself being a regular at this establishment! Keep up the good work Doug and staff thank you I'll be back very soon.
  P.
  S.
   I cant think of the drink that the bartender made me it was something like Butterfly something, but that definitely should be put on the regular menu! DELICIOUS!!!! Try to order it next time you are there!.
  Bring Hiko a McRib and it'll be all good.
  great drinks, awesome atmosphere!.
  I just happen to be walking in the neighborhood doing some business with  a friend  and we just happened to stumbled upon this new whiskey bar.
   I was told about it just days before, because some friends were going around showing pictures and talking about this new spot that was just about to open.
   So, as we walk closer to the doors, just my luck it just happen to be open a.
   Before entering my buddy and I were greeted by the main architect who crafted the gorgeous bar that sits insides, he told "yeah we're open go on inside", so go on inside is what we did.
   I must say I was taken by surprise, it was a beautiful place.
   I can tell a lot of work has gone into this place.
   I remember what it used to be and it looks nothing like it.
   It has somewhat of a new beginning a new birth.
   We sat order a beer and quickly introduced to the owners.
    They were super cool and the service was great.
   We spoke about the selection of various whiskeys they had and we even sampled one, I must say it was pretty good.
    They were also very supportive of other local business and were advocates of bringing local business to the bar.
   To make a long story short, I wish The Night Light nothing but success and I see it becoming a staple in the newly renovated Downtown/Uptown/Jack London Oakland area  as a top place to go and visit.
   Cheers!.
  Went on opening night and was impressed.
    No frills, just good old cocktails and beer with a casual crowd.
    Priced similar to other comparable Oak bars,  imagine drinks will be served quicker once the bartenders are up to speed.
    I'll definitely be back!.
  Good drinks, good tunes, and good decor.
   The owners are nice folks and so are the rest of the staff.
   This is exactly the type of place I'd like to live next to and I'd love to see it stick around for a very long time.
   Just add a foot rail at the bar and it's perfect.
  Way to go in the Big "O" !  So refreshing to see the lively crowd and the friendly faces.
    From the Good natured Front door security, to the beautiful "bartend-ress", right on over to the DJ, spinning the vinyl, old school funk style.
    The atmosphere is part bordello, part disco, and all fun.
    They have spared no expense restoring this place and I loved every nuance from the beautiful Walnut wood bar,  the velvet and leather  embossed wall paper, the glitzy chandeliers, granite and tile in the uber clean bathrooms (it's a bar right?).
    By far and away the greatest addition to this neighborhood in many years.
    Stop by and say hi to the owners Oakland Johhny and Dougie Doug, thanks to them we have a new excuse to hit the town again.
    Can't wait to go back !.
  Had a fantastic time at the Night Light last night.
   My drink, the Old Smokey, was an awesome scotch drink that lingered on my tastebuds into the next day (which was a good thing)! If you're a gin drinker, the MT.
   Tamalpais gin is second to none! Great group of customers, and attitude-free bartenders.
   The music was a fantastic mix of soul, hip-hop and obscure jazzy remixes.
   5 big stars for the DJ as well! This is the Oakland bar scene I'm talking about.
  Really cool atmosphere.
   I absolutely LOVED the music selection.
   Could've turned the music down  a little (it was a little distorted).
   Drinks were great, well priced.
   Friendly bar staff.
   I'd recommend to friends.
  Definitely a dive.
   Terrible DJ.
   And I don't just mean that they didn't play my kind of music.
  I mean that the music was all over the place: just when the dancing got started, the music would shift to something totally undance-able.
   But on the upside, it's easy to find.
   And there's a lot of seating, which I loved.
  The Night Light was quite the surprise discovery.
   I met up with some friends for a birthday celebration on Friday night that kicked off at Plank in Jack London Square.
   After finishing up a game of bowling, we were in need of a new bar for the rest of the evening.
   Luckily one of my friends knew about about The Night Light, so we made the short walk over.
   I was expecting a mediocre dive spot when we first entered, but my first impressions were corrected in short order.
  There is apparently an upstairs area that is used for concerts but we stayed in downstairs area.
   With regard to the downstairs portion of the place, there is a bar with stools that runs the length of the place, some more comfy seats along the opposite wall, and a DJ booth and small dance floor at the far end.
   I thought I was going to bumping into people all night long, but to my pleasant surprise, everyone was extremely chill and there was plenty of space on the dancefloor despite a healthy crowd.
   The DJ played a great mix of hip hop throughout the night.
   Ignoring an initial failed attempt at making an Old Fashioned, the rest of the cocktails for the evening were well-made and tasty.
   The drinks were also reasonably priced (3 for $24 before tip).
  If in the Jack London Square area and looking for a good place to dance and grab a drink, definitely checkout The Night Light.
  The Night Light might look divey from the outside, but the downstairs portion is great for large groups, has a lively, fun vibe on weekend nights, and offers decently priced drinks that pack quite a punch.
   The upstairs portion often hosts live acts for a modest cover.
  As with many Oakland establishments, it's the clientele that really makes things, and, true to Oakland's reputation, the crowds here are diverse and friendly.
   Worth a visit either for chilling out downstairs or checking out a live act upstairs.
  Oh, hello white people of Oakland.
   Are we cramping your 'style'? Oops.
   Concerning when a bar experiences an influx of a color unbeknownst to them and makes it completely obvious.
   Thank you, we hardly noticed.
  On the intro act, the power went out 3 times.
   I missed most of the headline act b/c i had to catch the last BART train.
   They couldn't hire an electrician to check the system first.
   :(.
  I come here mostly for The Hanging Garden nights, which I might add are now TWO FLOORS of all my favorite classic goth, new wave and synthpop (read: dance club!)  Highly recommend going early it does get packed but you will have fun and get sweaty!.
  My friend and I were in the bay area for the weekend.
   We were walking down Washington St and heard Michael Jackson playing, so we went in!Super fun night! Very chill and laid back, cheap drinks, great DJ and good times.
   Everyone who was there just wanted to have a good time.
   The bouncer was funny and inviting.
   If you're in the area, go and have fun!.
  The Night Light is a perfectly serviceable little bar, upstairs over another bar.
    There's not much to the venue, it's just one room and fairly small, but it's got that dive bar vibe that I like so much.
   The decor, the velvet wallpaper, and the dim lighting all give it a casually-classy speakeasy look.
   The staff and bartender were all friendly, we got our drinks quickly and the cost (for cover and drinks) was reasonable.
   The only issue I had was that the small venue size didn't really work with the event I went to.
   The venue atmosphere worked perfectly for the theme of the event, but there was barely enough standing room for the large crowd, let alone for the swing dancing they were advertising for the event.
   But that was more on the event organizers and not on the bar itself.
   Night Light seems like my kind of bar, a nice dark hidey hole to drink away a few hours with your friends.
   If I lived nearby, I could totally see myself being a regular at the Night Light.
  Came in here to kill some time to eat some sushi next door and ended up staying here longer than usual because of the great service and awesome vibes.
  JOHNNY is the man.
   He greets you as you come in, asks you what drink your in the mood for, let's you know what he has in stock, and makes the drink for you with great taste.
  The man even remembers my name and checks up on me to see how I'm doing .
   from the bar (as I'm seated from across the room)! Love this guy!Johnnyyyyy, you're the man, keep doin what you're doin.
  Loved the bartenders! They took shots of patron with me, little expensive, 10$ per shot but cool people.
   Laid back grungy hipster vibe.
   Music was loud and I felt at home.
  Went to The Night Light to a benefit show for a musician that was slain recently in Oakland.
   The venue seemed really small at first but it was a great night.
   No comments on the drinks or restroom since all I drank was water ( I was the DD) and never had to use the restroom.
   Just beware where you park!! I was lucky enough to end up in the parking garage and we found out that one of the bands vans was broken into before the show even started.
  It was a cool place to chill out after our job's X-Mas party.
    The dj had good music and I kinda forgot I was in Oakland.
  Cool ass people in there!.
  What a gem we found last night! Casual ambiance, no cover, great dj! Photobooth inside but it costs $5.
   Bartenders were nice and didn't have a poor attitude.
   The DJ was playing all the 90 hitters which brought us back.
   We were singing along and dancing.
   If this DJ plays every Saturday night, I wouldn't mind coming back.
  Cool place, great drinks, fantastic staff, and friendly environment.
   Will definitely be back.
  Fun place that I've hit a few times while going to concerts in Oakland.
    After about 5pm they have a DJ in the corner of this dark and leathery place.
    Good music, happy people, good drinks!Mixology is emphasized here with many artisan style cocktails at fair prices.
  I'll be back!.
  The Night Light is the worlds best bar.
   Epic vibe, good drink, truly a solid place to turn up.
   I left my card on the counter not knowing and one of the bar tenders ran it out to me.
   I think his name was Jason or Charles, either way.
   I will be back, but this time I'm bringing my Vape.
  Definitely my favorite bar in Oakland.
   Perfect for some casual after work drinks or weekend partying.
   The bald white dude (Jason I think?) makes the best margarita I've ever had.
   You're missing out if you're not drinking at The Night Light.
  I like this place well enough, but not my favorite place in Jack London Square.
   Last Friday is a good place to be and happy hour price is reasonable.
  Awe, My absolute favorite spot to go in JLS for an after dinner drink and dancing.
   They always have a DJ on the weekends.
   The photo booth is all kinds of fun.
   Cozy couches everywhere in the dark atmosphere.
   The bar area and staff is nice.
   Prices aren't too bad for JLS.
   Looking forward to being back soon.
  This bar seems like it has good vibe and a classy demeanor.
   BUT, the bad apple spoils the bunch.
   I got my change stolen by the bar tender Charles twice! The second time while I was calling him out for such a petty theft.
   His words exactly, "My bar, my money".
   I had good reason to file a report with the BBB.
   Lucky for Night Light owners I was talked down by the superior bar tender Casey.
   Casey not only made me feel comfortable, but returned my stolen change, and insured me Charles would no longer be our server.
   I honestly feel bad for Casey because he has to share his tips with Charles.
   I feel even worse for Charles because he did not even realize he had spoiled his bed enough to offer an apology.
   Customer service is not for everyone but when drugs, alcohol, and ego are in the mix things can become dangerous.
   I had a terrible experience but I would go back if I saw a hot enough girl in there, and poor Charles had been relieved of the stress of a front of house position.
  It's cool bar.
    Those kids who seem to complain, go back to the city.
    Many of us like it just the way it is.
   Chill music, chill staff, chill regulars.
  Great little bar that had Anchor Christmas ale on tap, nudie paintings in ornate frames, and a couple of cool Sunday night DJs that spun some goth and industrial tunes--yes, vinyl.
   Fun times.
  I read so many great reviews about this place I had to check it out.
    Reviews do not lie.
   The place is casual, relaxed, friendly.
   Awesome bartenders and DJ plays excellent music.
   Everyone there seemed to be having a good time.
   Highly recommended if you are from out of town or if you are a local.
  So.
   much.
   whiskey.
   Definitely more than I've ever seen in a dive bar - though I guess this is slightly above that, but not quite one of those pretentious mixology places yet.
   The bartenders are friendly, and took care of everyone, even though they were slammed on a Friday night.
   They checked back in with us regularly, and chatted with us to recommend different scotches.
   They know their stuff, but they don't rub it in your face.
  It seemed like the upstairs bar through the other entrance was for dancing, and downstairs is for drinking.
   Wish they did have a dance floor though, because they were playing great music.
   I'm adding the Night Light to my usual list (The Layover, Bar 355) for the perfect trifecta of bars in Oakland.
  I don't remember much about this place, except that I came after striking out at the other bars nearby.
   It seemed cute (and dark) inside and the drinks were fine (male bartender was super nice and didn't look down on me for getting 'beginner's drinks').
   What I REALLY remember was back to back fantastic 80's songs (along the lines of Fleetwood Mac) and having a great time.
   More people should go and get a better crowd assembled!.
  The Night Light is a quaint lil' spot in Oakland (conveniently across a Dominos).
   The inside is reminiscent of a speakeasy; red walls adorn the room with low lighting and black accents.
   I would say that this spot should admit about 25 people only to allow for ample space, but that's a guestimation on my part.
   Bands play a little too loud for this venue and I would say jazz acoustic music would be preferable (decibel-level wise).
   Overall, a-ok :).
  This place has upstairs and downstairs, both with bars, both accept cards, and both have good service.
    Upstairs also has a stage where they have live music, and the sound quality is surprisingly good.
    Parking is not difficult at night, it is easy to get to and from the freeway, and the cover of $5.
  00 is totally worth it.
    NOTE: The cover only is applicable to upstairs for live music, downstairs has none.
  This place reminds me of those timeswhen you are hanging on the front porch.
  Drinking with your friends.
  Having another one.
  And the fun never ends.
  Or as a kid when you are hanging in the alley.
  Drinking with your friends.
  Having another one.
  The fun never ends.
  Or when you are hanging out at Fest.
  Drinking with your friends.
  Having a great timeand the fun never endsAnd then that timeI was at the Night Light hangin' with Titograbbing some drinks and the fun never seemed to end.
  Until we were going down Broadway to grab him some cigsRho and Dottie show up for a good timebut so do the pigsSo we go back inside the Night Light for another drinkAnd the fun never ends.
  This spot turns out good drinks and seems to cater to a more mature (30s and 40s) clientele, at least on a recent Thursday evening.
   It can get loud, but hey, it's a music venue too.
  Cool and unpretentious pub near Jack London Square.
   They have a good selection of interesting cocktails made with some organic ingredients.
   The decor is Spartan leather and the music is loud, though offering a groovy mix, especially when a live DJ is present.
   The space has the feel of being a warehouse with some furniture and a bar, but it works.
  This place is classy, sexy, hip and overall amazing.
  Will always be my place to go when I need a drink and good company.
   Love you guys, keep rocking it.
  The Night Light (b/w Nation"s &amp; souley vegan) has been resurrected as a sensual drinking hole with brown tones, brown woods and stylish nudes on the woods.
  a relaxed mood is enhanced by the easy listening r &amp; b music.
   space isn't that big.
   you beat the rush by going to happy hours, every day, 4-8-well drinks(4)-draft beers (4?)-specialty drinks ($1 off)drink: gin &amp; tonic (4)-heavy pour, 1 1/2 oz gin, i hearlady from the sea (9)-rum, cane sugar, and ?just a sweet drink.
  on draught-6 micros on draft-bill, the bartender ,is cool, laid back.
  Night light, my you do shine bright! Tucked between Ginza and Nations on Broadway, not too far from Beer Rev and Souley Vegan, It's a stone's throw away from many favorite things.
   Five stars alone for the fact there's another stellar drinking establishment close to my favorite toasty crispy burger.
   For me, Night Light screams, "Ladies, drop your man off at boyfriend daycare (Beer Rev) and come grab a yummy nautical themed cocktail with your girlfriends!" Not to say that boyfriend didn't like it, nono, he did.
   But sometimes, dare I say, it's just not a beer night.
   And sometimes, after said delicious toasty crispy, I'd really enjoy a cocktail.
   The Night Light is brand new.
   Yup, mm that new paint twinge is still there.
   The interior is cush and luxurious.
   Dimly lit with lots of leather seating, it begs the question, is there a nautical wench waiting for a suitor upstairs? It struck me that the design is eerily similar to 355.
   The space, however, is much more open and conducive to lounging.
   I enjoyed the sound they had going.
   Boyfriend and I just stopped in for a quick cocktail on our way home.
   I tried and loved the Wild and Free.
   Boyfriend enjoyed his high on Rye.
   Both were 8 bucks each.
   Didn't break the bank although I wouldn't call it exactly cheap.
   They don't accept credit cards which is a little annoying but nothing we couldn't figure out.
   Night light, I hope you are here to stay.
   Especially if your co-owner Doug was serious about his promise of unlimited free drinks :).
  The owner doug really cares about this place.
   Although I didn't have the best experience here, I am willing to give it another try because doug really takes his work seriously.
  Had a few cocktails to celebrate by birthday after having dinner in the area.
   I was very surprised that this was here.
   I really enjoyed my drink and the furniture was nice.
   The decor makes this spot feel trendy.
   There are mostly dark colors and darker woods used in the decor.
   I also like the wallpaper and it was fuzzy.
   I only wish there was a little more ventilation, it was one hot summer night plus drinks was making it like HOT.
   This is a great spot.
  Really fun place that is off the beaten path of Oakland bars and is always a good stop after Merchant's or Beer Revolution.
   Lucy and Dougie keep the place going great.
    The happy hour prices are awesome.
    For some reason, the bar upstairs is run like a separate entity so each drink costs more so remember to order downstairs.
    Your drink will still be scientifically poured into the jigger and not an extra drop.
  The neighborhood already has some amazing beer spots (Trappist and Beer Revolution), so it's about time a cocktail destination opened.
  I sampled 3 or 4 of the house cocktails and all were great, nice atmosphere and service.
    Predictably quiet on a Tuesday around happy hour, so I hope that things pick up closer to the weekend.
    These guys deserve a crowd.
  Cash only right now, but there is an ATM on site.
  Part divey, part mixology, and full blown hipster.
    If any of those three appeal to you, definitely stop by for a drink at least.
    The venue is really small, but breathes character.
    Everyone from the owner, bartenders, and doorman treats you like a customer.
    Service is fantastic, and they often come socialize with you on less busy nights to make sure everything is up to par.
    This gives me hope that neighborhood divey places that serve mean cocktails are still around.
    You won't hear the "UNCE UNCE UNCE" of EDM or top 40 here.
    Instead you'll find ambient lighting and lounge rock playing.
    Awesome place to catch up with old friends.
    Drinks are definitely stiff.
  Wait staff is not pretentious at all.
  PROTIP:  They make an absolutely mean old fashioned.
    Their whiskey selection is definitely not shabby either.
  Night Light is a great addition to the neighborhood.
   It's a chill, unpretentious bar with a besuited doorman, good bartenders, good drinks, and really good music.
  I haven't gone to any shows yet.
  Classy! Lots of comfortable furniture and space (at least, there was on a weeknight).
   My bartender was kinda daffy but I wasn't in a hurry.
  Saw a show upstairs and really loved it -- the bartender up there was great, the lady at the door danced along, everyone was super nice and nobody was pretentious even though there's a big shelf full of rye.
  My group of friends and I (Oaklanders!) were stoked to check this place out on opening night.
    We got there at 8:30, so it wasn't that late into the evening when we showed up.
  The doorman was awesome.
    He was seriously the best thing about the night!  He gets 5 stars.
  The space looks really nice - the outside arches and fairy lights, the fuzzy interior wallpaper.
    That's 4 stars.
    Probably the worst thing about the experience was -- when we met the doorman, we were like "Man! This place is going to be awesome!"  We had really high expectations for what this place was going to be like.
    Plus, our group of friends loves really hard on the Oakland bar scene, and JLS, and were hopeful that there would be a reason to head this way a little more often.
  However, it was really disappointing in the sense that I, and I think most of my friends, really feel no reason to go back here.
    Hence, the 2 stars - "meh.
   i've experienced better.
  "The cocktails on the menu were good tasting (if they had been mixed properly), and similar prices as other bars we love (Chop Bar in JLS, Van Kleef, Make Westing, Layover, etc).
    So that was fine.
  But the service?  The bartender I got a drink from was okay.
    Only problem was that their first cocktail on the menu, the "Old Smokey" (something like that) was already unable to be made due to lack of ingredients.
    Okay, so it's opening night and they're learning, but wouldn't you want to have a lot of the stuff on hand for your headlining cocktail?My drink was okay, but it wasn't mixed up at all, just everything layered, so it got kinda gross cuz I couldn't stir it and so had to drink up all the sweet stuff first, then when I could stir it, it was unbalanced.
  One friend reported that his bartender was actually really mean to him.
    She was repeatedly shouting prices at people (in a not friendly manner, not in an "it's loud in here" manner).
    Also, for other drinks our friends got, the prices seemed to range wildly for the same drink - between $6-9 for the same drink within our group of friends.
  Later, when a friend returned to buy a drink for himself and his partner, he was told by a bartender that he couldn't order a cocktail.
    Even though cocktails are on the menu and the other bartender was making them.
  To be fair, they were probably just understaffed and overwhelmed.
    There seemed to be only two main bartenders, and one third who was partially making drinks and partially running around.
    But why go somewhere to get such disappointing service? You'd think that you'd want to pull out all the stops on opening night, or at least just be prepared with enough staff and ingredients.
    Or if you're not prepared, be friendly and gracious about it - smile maybe?  Most Oaklanders are understanding about shortages of drinks and staff, but not about being treated poorly.
    I'd give this place another chance (based on the doorman alone, actually) to hopefully make some positive changes after a crappy friday night opening.
   They're supposed to also have shows, which I'd go to check out.
   However, there are so many better options that have their stuff together in Oakland, so I'm not in a hurry to go back.
  To illustrate why not, a couple Fridays ago, same group of friends ended up at Van Kleef and the owner was walking around passing out several rounds of complimentary tomatoes with vinegar/sea salt to everyone in the bar.
    And it wasn't a special occasion.
    And there were a lot of people in the bar.
  There's a reason I prefer to stay in Oakland to go out and skip San Francisco, and unfortunately, the Night Light isn't quite there, yet.
    Let's hope they get it together.
  They have velvet wallpaper, leather man chairs and, at least when we were there, a propensity to lure people into many drinks followed by a late night Hulu marathon of Soul Train when you return home, maybe a bit drunk.
   In case you were unaware this entire scenario goes well with whiskey.
   Yes, they have whiskey and they know how to make it into delightful cocktails.
   All of this on their second night.
   Yes, I am looking forward to more of this good in the neighborhood.
  This place is great.
   Always good tunes spinning.
   Really good happy hour.
   Friendly bartenders.
   Great for after work.
  This is literally my girlfriend and my favorite night spot in Oakland.
   We go to shows here regularly upstairs and Doug always gets great acts to come.
   Once you walk into the place the vintage decor and mini living room setups make you feel right at home if you're looking for a cozy place to sit and socialize.
   The DJs are always on point and play the best music but don't go in here expecting top 40 because that just isn't going to happen.
   You can tell its just not a top 40 music kind of place.
   If you want to hear music you have never heard before or something that will bring you back to time in your life when you had a funky hair cut then this is the spot for you.
   The crowd always gets into the music and so does the staff.
   The bar is always making great drinks and have good recommendations.
   Doug is just the coolest guy most personable guy ever.
   He came up and spoke to me and my girlfriend while we dancing at the Brothertiger show and he even danced with us.
   We shared stories and hung out.
   He took us over to the bar and walked behind it to get us drinks and my face went .
   "Are you allowed to do that?" I said and he goes "Yeah.
   I own the Nightlight".
   The rest is history.
   All in all if your a Oakland local or an out of towner anyone can enjoy the awesomeness that is the Nightlight.
   Take all your friends here and introduce yourself to the kind gentleman who is their bouncer because he will remember your face.
   Go here if youre looking for a good time with drinks music and good people.
  At risk of perpetuating gender binaries, I'm going to go out on a limb and call this a man bar.
   Something I, even as a woman, crave from time to time.
   What makes this a man bar, you say? Well, for starters, the clusters of stately brown leather chairs and sofas that look like they've been stolen from the library of an estate.
   Sitting in these chairs makes you yearn for a pipe and scotch on the rocks.
   Then there's the flocked wallpaper, exposed old-timey lighting, and the portraits of nudes languorously hanging from the walls.
   What makes this place awesome is definitely the decor, but there's also a nice variety of liquors and friendly service.
   I'd recommend stopping by on a Sunday when it's not too packed to get a seat.
  Fantastic cocktails.
  Friendly and knowledgeable staff.
    And I love the decor.
  I am only speaking for the bar downstairs as I have never been to the upstairs venue.
  My little old lady heart went aflutter: Edison bulbs over the bar, velvet wallpaper, furniture with feet!  A bar tender with a Dali-meets-Cowboy mustache!! II ordered a whiskey ginger, and he sprinkled a little Worcestershire sauce on top--yum!! The doorman with a bulletproof vest was a teensy unnerving, especially after he clarified he just wore it because he'd been "shot at too many times.
  " All in all, a really fun, adorable bar.
  Went here recently for happy hour.
   what can I say? I'm a fan.
     Love the decor.
    On the day I visited, there were DJs playing good music downstairs, but the volume was kept to a reasonable level so you could still talk to your friends.
   something I appreciate.
    My cocktails were fantastic, and you could tell the bartender takes pride in his work.
    Seriously, some of the best cocktails I've had in ages.
    "I'll be back.
  ".
  Aptly named and well-positioned, the latest addition to Broadway's booming West End is definitely lighting up the night.
  From the stately facade with the carnival-esque lights and Wild Wild West signage to the warm glow of a slew of crystal chandeliers and wall sconces, The Night Light is beaming the modern-urban-oasis-meets-sexed-up-saloon vibe.
  With vintage details abound, like the cash registers, the lush, leather club chairs, the bordello-esque wallpaper and boudoir paintings, the distinct crackle of vinyl over the Hi-Fi, and their own version of Miss Kitty (Miss Megan) behind the bar slingin' high-octane drinks, it's like a step back in time that is right ON time.
  Makes sense coming from the former owners of The Ivy Room in Albany and Kitty's in Emeryville.
   It's not their first trip to the rodeo, they do seem to know a thing or two about attracting and keeping a hip and loyal clientele.
  Works out great for us Oaklanders.
   Now the Uptown Crawl merges with the Downtown Crawl with other great haunts like The Trappist, Beer Revolution, Tamarindo and Haven and the Oaktown party don't stop.
  Freaking awesome.
   The amount of work that these boys put into making this fantastic shows.
   Way to make Oakland even more awesome!! Can't wait to come here when they put the sexy ladies on the wall and when their music venue opens- just freaking awesome!!.
  Not too crowded for a Friday! Good drinks! Good DJ spinnin old school jams.
   Will definitely go back for a relaxed night out with friends.
  This place is amazing.
    I highly recommend for great music, vibes, and drinks!.
  I have been here 2 times now, both were really good experiences.
    We went for happy hour, I was thrilled at the whiskey selections! Tons of different types and a really interesting drink menu.
   The bartenders were both really nice and helpful and the interior is really nice.
  Pretty cool place (ground floor speaking since I didn't get a chance to go upstairs), it definitely gets loud when the music is playing.
    Bartenders are nice and the bouncer is friendly too.
    Comfy chairs and spinning bar stools and prices are reasonable.
    Lots of street parking but may have to drive around the block one or two times.
  This is really the only reason I go out after dark.
   Which, granted, still doesn't happen as often as it should - there are regular awesome shows here featuring a bevy of great local garage bands upstairs, and some excellent DJs downstairs.
   The decor is kind of stunning, the drinks are solid, the staff is a fantastic group of people.
   Usually I'm wary of places that separate the stage/venue from the bar because there can be a weird dis-congruity between crowds, but it works pretty well here.
   Even when there's a less-than-obvious show/DJ match up (like the psych-garage show with old-school hip-hop DJ night that'll pop up now and then) it still manages to feel comfortable moving back and forth, unlike the middle-school-dance complex many of these places can get (opposite sides of the room, *maybe* one or two brave souls crossing over to dance).
  And in terms of service, yeah, it's a bar, sometimes you don't get your drink immediately.
   But I'd rather be spending my Saturday night with good company and good drinks and good tunes than plop down somewhere where the bartender has nothing to do but sit in front of me and pour my bevvies.
   If I'm just looking to get drunk quick I'll stay home.
  Pro-tip: regular Monday-night stand-up downstairs.
  Pro-tip 2: AC Transit late-night free shuttle b/t downtown &amp; JLS.
  Pro-tip 3: Nations next door is open until 1, but no late-night breakfast.
  The hubs and I stopped in for an after dinner drink.
   I've did some research on yelp about this place and thought that this bar had a pretty cool vibe based on the interior pictures.
   The decor is pretty neat with a speak easy feel.
   Old leather wingbacked chairs and dark ornate wallpaper and wood paneling gives you the feeling that this is the type of place to enjoy a good stiff drink.
   As much as it looked old-fashioned inside, it's really eclectic in that they have live music and a DJ table.
   This probably is a great venue for bands to play because there's a lot of room.
   We went early on a Friday evening so I'm sure this place probably gets really busy later on, but it was kind of weird thinking that the speakeasy ambiance of this joint would soon be filled with hip/hop or rock music.
  but that may be part of it's eclectic charm.
   I would imagine that this place wouldn't be a great place to have a convo with a group of friends late at night due to the music they play, but probably for a happy hour style outing, this would be a good spot to sit and have a few cocktails.
   Although we really liked the ambiance of this place, the cocktails were ok.
   Their list of house cocktails looked really great and the couple that we ordered were good, but compared to some other bars that we frequent, they didn't blow us away.
   Overall, It's a nice looking bar that's probably great for seeing a band or listening/dancing to music while having some drinks.
  but if you're looking for a quieter lounge type atmosphere with a bigger selection of drinks there are probably other bars in Oakland that would cater to that better.
  This review is based on a happy hour visit and a Saturday night visit.
  Aesthetically, Night Light harkens back to the 1920s.
   The interior features a nicely finished wooden bar, and the alcohol is housed on brightly illuminated wooden shelving that frames a large mirror.
   There are a number of bar stools for patrons looking to gaze at the alcohol (or themselves) while imbibing, yet not so many that you feel you're rubbing shoulders with the stranger next to you.
   The rest of the surprisingly ample interior space comprises of a collection of comfortable (p)leather armchairs, loveseats, and side tables, all smartly arranged to accommodate smaller and larger groups.
   The walls are wood paneled above a 1920s era wallpaper style, and an attractive chandelier and a couple of other ceiling lights dimly light the space.
   All in all, it's an attractive, relaxing interior space.
  Night Light seems to be going for the small-batch, artisanal alcohol program, much like the other newer bars over in the Uptown area.
   The cocktail menu was solid, but no more interesting than the various other artisanal cocktail menus that are popping up like wildflowers.
   I ordered a drink off the cocktail menu (the name of which escapes me), and it was quite tasty yet unbalanced; the smokiness of the single-malt scotch overpowered the other ingredients.
   Either way, it was good enough that I ordered a second.
   I also had a decent Manhattan.
   Drink prices (cocktails ranged from $8 - $10) were very fair for a bar of this caliber.
   They also had some beers on tap.
  The service was very good.
   My bartender was attentive and very friendly.
   I observed him trying to serve people in a first-come, first-served fashion, which I always appreciate.
   A second bartender also seemed to have the right idea - she appeared friendly and efficient.
  Bottom Line: Night Light is a solid newcomer in an increasingly crowded and competitive field.
   While not without many merits, the drinks were not exceptional and (for me) it's a tad off the beaten path.
   While I will definitely return and have already recommended Night Light to several people, it's not among the "best" bars Oakland has to offer.
   Four Stars.
  Decided to give NL a second chance and what better time than around my birthday!  This time around was definitely better.
   Service was exceptional at this speak easy bar.
    They now accept all major credit cards.
   The music was a great mixture of hip hop, old school, and other great classics.
    The crowd was mixed which is perfect especially in the east bay and last but not least  the mixologist were definitely on point because the drinks are oh so tasty as well as  quiet a bit of a selection of drinks to choose from the menu.
   They do accommodate seating for larger parties and their is no cover which is a major plus!!  I could see myself being a regular at this establishment! Keep up the good work Doug and staff thank you I'll be back very soon.
  P.
  S.
   I cant think of the drink that the bartender made me it was something like Butterfly something, but that definitely should be put on the regular menu! DELICIOUS!!!! Try to order it next time you are there!.
  Bring Hiko a McRib and it'll be all good.
  great drinks, awesome atmosphere!.
  I just happen to be walking in the neighborhood doing some business with  a friend  and we just happened to stumbled upon this new whiskey bar.
   I was told about it just days before, because some friends were going around showing pictures and talking about this new spot that was just about to open.
   So, as we walk closer to the doors, just my luck it just happen to be open a.
   Before entering my buddy and I were greeted by the main architect who crafted the gorgeous bar that sits insides, he told "yeah we're open go on inside", so go on inside is what we did.
   I must say I was taken by surprise, it was a beautiful place.
   I can tell a lot of work has gone into this place.
   I remember what it used to be and it looks nothing like it.
   It has somewhat of a new beginning a new birth.
   We sat order a beer and quickly introduced to the owners.
    They were super cool and the service was great.
   We spoke about the selection of various whiskeys they had and we even sampled one, I must say it was pretty good.
    They were also very supportive of other local business and were advocates of bringing local business to the bar.
   To make a long story short, I wish The Night Light nothing but success and I see it becoming a staple in the newly renovated Downtown/Uptown/Jack London Oakland area  as a top place to go and visit.
   Cheers!.
  Went on opening night and was impressed.
    No frills, just good old cocktails and beer with a casual crowd.
    Priced similar to other comparable Oak bars,  imagine drinks will be served quicker once the bartenders are up to speed.
    I'll definitely be back!.
  Good drinks, good tunes, and good decor.
   The owners are nice folks and so are the rest of the staff.
   This is exactly the type of place I'd like to live next to and I'd love to see it stick around for a very long time.
   Just add a foot rail at the bar and it's perfect.
  Way to go in the Big "O" !  So refreshing to see the lively crowd and the friendly faces.
    From the Good natured Front door security, to the beautiful "bartend-ress", right on over to the DJ, spinning the vinyl, old school funk style.
    The atmosphere is part bordello, part disco, and all fun.
    They have spared no expense restoring this place and I loved every nuance from the beautiful Walnut wood bar,  the velvet and leather  embossed wall paper, the glitzy chandeliers, granite and tile in the uber clean bathrooms (it's a bar right?).
    By far and away the greatest addition to this neighborhood in many years.
    Stop by and say hi to the owners Oakland Johhny and Dougie Doug, thanks to them we have a new excuse to hit the town again.
    Can't wait to go back !.
  Had a fantastic time at the Night Light last night.
   My drink, the Old Smokey, was an awesome scotch drink that lingered on my tastebuds into the next day (which was a good thing)! If you're a gin drinker, the MT.
   Tamalpais gin is second to none! Great group of customers, and attitude-free bartenders.
   The music was a fantastic mix of soul, hip-hop and obscure jazzy remixes.
   5 big stars for the DJ as well! This is the Oakland bar scene I'm talking about.
  Great dive bar with outdoor seating area - which is not a common thing in the Bay Area.
   Simple, straightforward drinks.
   As with all dive bars, the bathrooms are not that clean, but you know, deal with it.
   Also, there was a not-totally-stable seeming lady who was yelling at women in the restroom to get out of the toilet faster.
   The outdoor seating area is really nice with some full trees for shade during the afternoons.
   Also, they seem cool with letting you bring in outside food and there is a cuban place, pizza place and burger place adjacent to the H&amp;D Saloon.
  I would give this place zero stars and the Abusive Bartender badge if I could, after witnessing some rather horrific and disturbing behavior from a male bartender on a female customer that was 100% unacceptable.
    Been going here for years, but after seeing that, never going back again.
    Scary.
  Don't go to this bar unless you wish to be attacked by a bartender.
   One of the bartenders first ignored me, then when I asked for a beer, started screaming profanities at me and then actually put his hands on me and started pushing me around.
   I can only imagine that if I had resisted him shoving me around, he would've quickly escalated to striking me, since none of this was provoked in any way.
   I will never go back there again, even though I've been going there since they opened.
   My friends are all boycotting this place because of this asshole, too.
  Once a biker bar, now more hipster but the drinks are decent and the prices very reasonable.
   Nice outdoor patio.
   Only downside is everyone smokes.
   Oh.
   and cash only (although they have an atm)!.
  The majority of the people at this bar have been nothing but gracious and courteous to me.
   They've allowed me to bring in my dog, and it has been fine.
   Tonight, a bartender on duty, someone that I had met on other visits, was in rare form.
   He was discourteous.
   He was argumentative.
   He was mean.
   I think he was belligerently drunk.
   I have been a bartender and have managed bars and restaurants.
   You can check my yelp history and how often I have written Yelp reviews.
   Almost never.
   If interested, you can ask me which restaurants or bars I've managed.
   This sucked writing down one of my own, and I've never written a negative review of another bar before.
   It was simply the most offensively I've ever been treated in any bar or restaurant, ever, before or after working in the industry.
  I stopped by for the Prince tribute last week.
    Got there fairly early, just before 5pm.
   The CASH ONLY sign at the bar was an unpleasant surprise, and the ATM in the bar is one of those I just don't trust.
   Its connection seemed spotty too, as a number of people had issues with errors all in a row.
    I ended up borrowing cash from a friend rather than risk it.
   Decent crowd; not packed and not empty.
    The backyard was actually the fuller part because the weather was nice.
    My friends and I tried a couple of the drink specials which were Prince themed (either raspberry or purple, it seemed).
    Nothing too incredible, but we enjoyed them nonetheless.
    It's a dive bar, not a cocktail lounge.
    If you approach with that spirit, you'll have fun.
  CASH ONLY (only downside, besides the parking meters which are ridiculously expensive).
   $17 pitcher of Racer 5.
   Great back patio.
   I'll be back next time I'm in the area.
  Two words: dive bar.
  Personally, I'm a fan of the idea of dive bars.
   I mean, who doesn't love cheap drinks? I know that I do.
   Especially living in the Bay Area, anything that can keep some money in my pockets makes me pretty happy.
  Cash.
   Only.
   Ouch.
   I'm not someone who carries cash.
   That makes it so I drink less at places like this.
   It also has limited space inside.
   I tend to run cool, so I like to be inside which can be rough when it's busy.
  There's a pool table which is frequently occupied.
   I'm no pool shark but I enjoy putting my terrible physics and geometry skills to use.
  especially under the influence.
   It's always a good idea.
  So three stars.
   It's close and easy to get to but nothing super fancy or spectacular, over the top service.
   It's a dive bar so yeah.
  expect that.
  Dive bars are more my style.
    This spot has some real charm.
    Awesome outdoor patio and smoking lounge.
   All sorts of characters, friendly fast bartenders, cool decor, and just that nice fun weirdo vibe.
    Cash only!.
  like yelp said "Meh.
  I've experienced better.
  " I just don't feel safe or welcomed going into that place I will say the redeeming factor are the cute dogs just hanging out around their owners.
  Jumped to my Top 5 favorite Bars I've ever been to.
  Punk Bar with Pinball and great outside seating! Hell yeah! Service was good, prices were fair, and jukebox selection was On Point!.
  This place seemed a little too much for my style when I first saw it from the outside (as it looks like your average hard core dive bar, often with motorcycle groups hanging around out front).
   However I found it actually quite nice once I ventured inside.
   The area I like best is the back patio, which has a nice beer garden feel.
   I came here during the day but j can imagine it being a very poppin' place at night--it seems like a fun place to have drinks with friends.
   Will come back again at night.
  Cool place with a typical dive-bar vibe.
   Cash only so be prepared - I almost wasn't! Outside was probably my favorite - a fair amount of seating, and they allow dogs.
   The problem is that most dogs have owners, and some of those owners haven't trained their dog how to interact with other dogs.
  Good drinks, bottled beer is probably the best bet.
  it would be better with music at the Patio.
  And gentrification is complete.
    What used to be a laid back blues spot is now patronized by Hells Angels, never thought I  would see that at Lake Merritt.
    Gentrification : game, set, match.
  It's good straight to the point bar.
   I like to drink and they like to pour them, for a fee, of coarse.
   It's my regular waterhole for the past 5 yrs or so.
   They let you bring in outside food and it's one of the few places around that has a private patio to enjoy the nice weather and friends when the time calls for it.
  Note: Be sure to hit an ATM because it's cash only.
  I love Heart and Dagger, yep it is a bar, but it is also the super sweet spot to shoot pool by my house, plus you can bring in your own food.
  awesome! I came to the stairs in the front of the establishment and I looked up at them thinking, "Wow, how am I going to do this with one foot?"  The bouncer, Gary, was really cool, he helped get me up there so I could have fun inside with all the other bipeds.
  lol.
  There is always such a cool crowd at this place, no matter what you like.
    The juke box offers some really great songs, the kind of songs that remind you of moments in your life that seemingly make you smile.
    I think last night I heard an old "Wham" song that lifted my mood.
   We watched a ton of Raider fans playing pool and basking in the glory of their win last night at the Battle of the Bay.
    While the football game put my friend in a bad mood, the Raider fans were happy---let them have this little moment, it is not very often it happens ;)We attempted to go out to the patio in the back, and the ramp down into that area was yet another challenge for my one footed self.
    But none to worry, there was a guy working at that back area too who helped me get around.
    I have visited this spot for several years and have always had a memorable time--whether those memories be awesome, weird, annoying, ridiculous or fun, etc.
  I always leave with a memory.
    Heart and Dagger is always on the crawl list for birthdays, and pretty much the "stand by" for any night.
    We can play pool or pinball, listen to music, watch pretty disturbing movies on the TV, hang out in the patio, or just sit inside.
    I am sure to run into friends from the neighborhood at any drop in, so that is always cool when I am out solo.
    Stephani Smiles for HND ;).
  Great place to have a beer and chill.
   The outdoor patio is fantastic.
   I'd give it 5 stars, but occasionally the clientele can get a little.
   roudy.
   And not in a good way.
  The un-dive bar.
   I used to like this place, but the clientele is all highbrow now.
   I never liked that it was cash only, but I still love the jukebox.
   The last time I was there the skinny bearded doorman kept shouting across the bar to the bartender which was super annoying.
   I was unimpressed with his need for attention.
   Maybe early in the day this place is better but when it's crowded, nah.
   I was particularly amused by the weather-denying girl in the tank top showing off her tattoos as everyone else in the bar was in a coat and scarf because it was freezing outside and they had all of the doors open.
   Maybe in 1992 that would be impressive, but in 2016 you are one of many.
   Put your coat on, sweety.
   You'll catch your death.
  Terrible bar with terrible staff.
   Rude door people causing fights with new patrons, and that was before anyone had a chance to order a drink.
   Not sure how a business with such terrible customer service stays in business.
   I wouldn't come back here again if you paid me!!.
  Let me just say, I've been here only a handful of times.
    I don't come here enough.
  It reminds me of some of my favorite dives when I lived in the City, just wish I lived within walking distance ;)Great roadhouse atmosphere inside, and a chill backyard area.
  Awesome place to come any day of week.
   They pool tables and arcade games.
   Cold beer on tab and bottled with a place to drink outside.
   Mediocre pricing but they aren't shy on their pours.
  This is my go to dive bar in Oakland.
   Super chill vibe, mostly locals, and cool kids.
   There's a pool table, juke box and tables outside where you can bring the dogs, pizza and a board game.
  what's not to like??Drinks are decent enough, I recommend sticking to beer, racer 5 on tap.
  people seem to like the bloody Mary's and mimosa are perfect pre or post brunch.
   Love this place.
  I've been here late at night and have had a completely different experience than now.
   Today, we arrived at the bar closer to sunset and hung out on the patio with my $3 beer.
   The ambiance and other patrons were really mellow and enjoyable.
   It's cheap, so that is a plus.
   The bartender, however, seemed to enjoy taking out her life's disappointments on the customers.
   I would've rather served myself.
   It won't keep me from returning, just yet.
  My favorite bar in Oakland.
   They play great rock and roll inside, and the beer garden is a fantastic place to spend an afternoon, or play cards late into the night.
   There's tons of food in the neighborhood that you can bring in, and they're dog friendly.
   The pool scene is competitive and the table is better than average for a 'dive' bar (which the Dagger barely qualifies as).
   There's a great mix of people from East Bay Rats to local yuppies to SF expat hipsters and everyone gets along.
   It gets crowded but not too crowded.
  Just don't sit at the end of the bar by the men's bathroom -- you'll only smell urinal cakes all night.
   Unless you're into that I guess.
  All hail the Duke! It was by the gracious invitation of His Majesty himself that the girlfriend &amp; I came to Heart &amp; Dagger Saloon.
   &amp; what a lovely Dukedom it is.
  The Heart &amp; Dagger is sort of a dive bar, sort of.
   It's too well-lit inside to really be a total dive.
   It's divey in a hipster-ish kind of way.
   But the hipster to real people ratio isn't too high, so it's still cool.
  Full bar, impressive booze selection, nice cocktails, decent brews on tap, great Happy Hour deals, pinball/ video games &amp; pool table inside, dog-friendly patio out back, &amp; motorcycle parking right in front off the street.
   It's all good.
  We had a chill time time sipping a few drinks (but only a few, it's cash only here, I had loads of plastic but not a whole lotta green on me) &amp; watching Markus' reign of terror on the pool table.
   Until, at last, he was narrowly defeated by a very pretty young lady.
   Who says chivalry is dead?Heart &amp; Dagger Saloon.
   I like it.
   I'll have to return as often as possible to see the Duke, his fair Dukedom &amp; any other shenanigans afoot.
  Made my way over to oakland to meet up some friends at this sweet lil spot.
   Surrounded by plenty of parking and food it was a nice change up from SF.
   It is a cash only bar some come prepared.
   Full bar with some good beer on tap, and one dude holding down the fort on a saturday night.
   ( he was wicked fast).
   Outside is a sweet lil patio for a awesome place to relax and chat( bench seating) and the fresh air was great.
   The prices for drinks were right on, and no overly pricey with some good pours.
  Cheap drinks, outdoor space, punk rock music -- YES.
  You can smoke.
   Here.
   And drink.
   A nice well whisky and a good pour.
   Cash only.
   They check ID very professionally.
   The people who work there are people, not hipster asshats or attitudinal testosteronies.
   i like it, if you can tell.
   Ahhhhhh.
  I can see this place is going to be my favorite bar in East Bay.
  -Great bartender, totally personable and cool.
  -Cool door guy, huge laugh!-Great patio, the likes of which are hard to find around here.
  -Giant Lemons.
  -Good mix of all types at the bar, everyone in a good mood.
  -Drinks were reasonably priced and poured strong.
  -It' close to my house.
  Basically everything needed in a bar that's going to be seeing a lot of this face.
  This place definitely has the dive bar feel to it.
    I'm sure this is a good local hang out.
    What really appeals to me about this places is the outside area in the back.
    There are plenty of tables to sit at.
    Great place to go with some friends to relax with a beer and chat.
     Although it does get busy and filled up so no guarantee you will get a table.
   This is a casual grungy type scene so jeans and causal attire is the standard.
    I like the location and the vibe here though--super chill and relaxed.
    There are a couple pool tables inside as well inside.
    I'd definitely go back for a beer.
  "Oh, he's very popular Ed.
   The sportos, the motorheads, geeks, sluts, bloods, wastoids, dweebies, dickheads - they all adore him.
   They think he's a righteous dude.
  "-- from "Ferris Bueller's Day Off"A visit to Heart &amp; Dagger often reminds me of these words.
   As watering holes go, it may not be for every body, but it has a strikingly wide array of fans.
   And for us fans, it holds a piece of our hearts.
   The vibe is casual (read: 'divey'), distinctly Oakland, with a wild undercurrent befitting a David Lynch film.
   A biker bar only 'modestly' gentrified by neo-Oaklandites/wannabees/over-incomed geeks, to which I confess a partial complicity.
    The playground segments into roughly three arenas:  (1) Bar area, where the bees get their honey -- and the barkeeps, both efficient and commanding, do a great job keeping the drones and workers happy.
   Beer specials and shots of liquor are an excellent value, especially during HH, when my lovely Bulliet Manhattans are especially generous.
   (2) Patio, definitely favored by the dog-partnered and smoking clientele, and seems to collect the more regular patrons.
   Gossip is overheard, smiles are witnessed, wafting cigarette smoke is inhaled.
   Water from two giant ThermosTM coolers is free and easily accessed for both two and four-legged visitors back here.
  And then there is (3), the pool table.
    Where I learned, thanks to tutelage from billiards Maestro M and a few tips from other regulars, to now actually almost *not* suck at pool-playing.
    Back to (3) in a bit.
   For the bar en masse though: at its heart of gold though does push the tip of its dagger, as visits here have not always been a feel-good utopian experience.
   I've seen people verbally insulted or kicked out for debatable reasons by the staff (actually mostly just one staff member, whose shifts are minimal); heard obnoxious comments by drunk and/or loud bigots; spied sketchy characters sporting knives in their back pocket, and witnessed a few "lively" disagreements over 8-ball.
   Admittedly, H&amp;D is an onion with many layers, and not all those layers are pretty.
    The trifling edginess is in reality as much an allure as a downer, and a metaphor and microcosm of our world and city and a reminder that good or bad you're still a part of it so why not be a positive part or at the very least learn how to deal with it? In reality, I don't wax all philosophic like that when I visit here.
   Which brings us back to (3):  I do, truly, enjoy the regular pool players, and the competition and camaraderie I'm fortunate to have shared.
    I'm a square peg for several reasons in H&amp;D, but the bonding with other such pegs or non-pegs is the reason I love to visit.
   And on those visits, I get to practice my shot, nurse my bourbon, and inhale the simple sideways joys that life has to offer.
  Can one sum up H&amp;D in a single catchphrase?  "All for one, one for all, just watch your wallet and drink.
  " "You don't have to be a biker to come, but it don't hurt if you are one.
  " "A bar of inimitable substance and a multitude of substances.
  " Nah .
   screw that.
   Heart and Dagger defies an easy Yelp review description.
   And I'm guessing they like it that way.
   Just be chill, be respectful, be unorthodox, be free, and be yourself.
   It's not to be analyzed.
   Just enjoyed.
  If you like dive bars without the meth mouth, Sons of Anarchy watching patrons, Heart and Dagger will sit very well with you.
   (It's kind of not really even a dive bar, shh)They *are* cash only.
   There is an ATM with a $2.
  25 fee, but you get that back fast because their drinks are so stinkin' cheap-- and strong!There is a pool table room and (the best part), an amazing outdoor patio that is friendly to your cigarette smoking buds.
   It's kind of the perfect place to be on a summer night.
   Heart &amp; Dagger is a solid go-to bar in Oakland.
   Come here once &amp; you'll likely become a regular.
  one of my favorite places! cheap drinks, good people, a big back patio that is open late.
   Home made beef jerky, aweful/good movies playing and dog friendly.
   also hosted by some of the best bartenders/doormen you'll meet.
   Oh, almost forgot.
   they have three pinball machines (including walking dead) and a decent pooltable with a good/honest rotation of players.
  Love heart and dagger.
   My go to spot when I need a very laid back, wind down, kind of day.
  I drink too much.
    I came to that realization, drunk, during a disappointing pizza experience (why the fuck my bf drove us all the way to oakland for pizza who knows?)   What to do at 11pm on weeknight, drunk, concerned about how you will pay for Betty Ford and in Oakland?Heart and Dagger saloon.
  Sure, my boyfriend tells me he loves pizza more than me.
   Get me drink.
  Thank the Lord in Heaven he volunteered to DD.
  As Kevin B.
   mentioned, if the Zeitgeist is too far of a hoof to get to, then H and D will do.
    The back yard is pretty big and decked with communal tables for both large and small group outings.
    We arrived armed with IDs out (although no one, but NO ONE in my party looked even remotely underage) and was met with friendly banter from the door man no.
   1.
    At one point I couldn't find my friends--not like the place is really that big, so I blame jet-lag for my confusion--and went back out onto the street to look for them.
    Door man no.
   2 had all the charm of a TSA agent upon my re-entry not 2 minutes later.
    Maybe he thought I was some a-hole ABC cop trying to pull a fast one on him?  I wish the US could just lighten up a bit on ID checking, but I get why they can't.
    Anyway, this place is an interesting replacement for The Serenader, if, however, not in keeping with the vibe of that which existed for decades in this very spot.
    -a place where bitchin' BBQ reigned in the backyard and my white face was a minority.
  Great dive bar to drink at on a hot summer afternoon - The big back patio is usually bustling, but not too crowded to get a seat at a table (usually).
    Good beer selection, good service, good prices.
    Ive seen people set up picnics on the patio tables so it's pretty cool that they let you do that.
   Great place to hang out.
  Me likes.
    Outdoor patio.
    Everyone smokes.
    Everyone has a dog.
    Clean restrooms.
    Cash only.
    Good music.
    Pool table and PIN BALL!  Don't try to bring chicken wings from Hot wings with bones.
    Wilkie will not let you in.
    The dogs are very important.
  I was Chilling at the Slab when I get a Text from my Yelp Minister of Fun John Z to join the Posse at H&amp;D Saloon.
   So I jumped into my Whip Black Beauty and rolled to Oak town .
   I grabbed a parking spot right across the street.
    Tip 1 no parking lot just street parking.
  So I roll in and see John Z and Markus dominating the Pool Table.
   Anne Marie shooting Deer in the Arcade.
   Home Sweet Home.
   Yelp Posse in full effect.
  Nice Big Bar ,Friendly Bartenders ,LCD TVs for Entertainment and a Cool Back Patio for Summer Nights or Days.
  A wide selection of Beers and a cool retro Juke box adds to the Charm of H&amp;D Saloon.
  Great meeting Spot or a Friendly game of Pool H&amp;D is the place to be.
  Tip 2 They allow outside food in.
  This place is great.
   2$ canned beer and really nice bartenders.
   If you are looking to meet up with a group of friends this place has a really big patio with plenty of space.
   Also it is cash only, so be ready for that.
   Loved coming here and will be back.
  This is a neat, inexpensive, kind of gnarly bar in downtown Oakland.
   Definitely worth popping in! Don't mind the aggressive music and cool/weird stuff on the TV.
  Value for Money: 4 StarsCustomer Service: 4 StarsAmbience: 2 Stars (markdown for hipsters!)Location: 4 Stars.
  Heart and Dagger Saloon appeals to my mysterious and cheap side.
   everyday prices are cheap, HH is a bit cheaper.
  lots of entertainment options: pool table, pinball machines, video machines, juke box, flat screens.
   drink: gin &amp; tonic(4)-pretty strongguinness black lager(4)just so-soon draught:-happy hours(m-f, 4-7), $3 drafts, 3.
  5 wells -voted by bar 2011,  east bay express-voted best jukebox in bar 2011, east bay express-patio seating in rear-free parking under freeway after 6.
  -fast.
   smiling service-prepared to be carded-pizza, burger, wing food options nearby.
   .
  -many patrons wear leather and tats.
   clientele on the edge of heavy metal.
  This bar has a genuine rock 'n' roll atmosphere.
  Ah such a gem.
   My friend took me here to play pool about a month ago and now I go about once a week.
   There is usually rock music playing and something weird on the TV.
   However, If there is a game on then it will be on the TVs.
   They have pool and a couple of arcade games like pinball and buck hunter.
   They have an awesome outside patio with a bunch of picnic tables.
    You can take drinks outside and people can smoke out there too.
  You can bring your dog! There are usually at least two dogs in the place which is so awesome.
   CASH ONLY, but they have an ATM.
  No food, but there are food places next door and you can bring food in.
   Love this place.
  Well, my Yelp buddy Max has been going here for a while, and given that it's a six-minute walk from my house, I really have no excuse for not getting here sooner.
   Anyway, I've seen the light! This place is great.
   Pool tables are so rare here in NorCal! And a patio!And this place is right next to the parking are under the 580!.
  Decent prices, nice patio when it's warm outside.
  They allow dogs which is a plus.
  Good spot to hang low.
  It's a saloon.
  My head hurts, and it has nothing to do with what I drank last night.
    Water; I should start learning to drink more water.
    But what's a poor girl to do when a bar insists on serving her most favourite whiskey at such amazing prices??Heart &amp; Dagger - For years, I'd walked by this place too afraid of my own shadow to venture inside.
    Then one day, I came across a photo someone took of the outside and discovered that they kicked it up a few dozen notches on their curbside appeal.
    Then, The C.
   made me meet him here before showtime.
    Who knew that it would become a small trend?I now can proudly say that I overcame my misguided fears and have found a sweet little spot on the ever changing face of Lakeshore Ave to call home.
    This bar is perfect in its divey-ness, has a huge patio for perfect summer evenings, a nice little pool table that only costs $1 a game, and has an awesome jukebox that plays Flogging Molly and David Bowie!  Plus, the prices on the drinks are super inexpensive, and the bartenders are more than kindly souls that'll make you think of Cheers.
  You, too, should overcome your fears and check this place out.
    I feel myself lucky to have been introduced.
  Always fun.
  dive bar with a great crowd!!! Cash only FYI.
   Dog friendly which is cool and outside private patio.
  great place!!!.
  This establishment is hateful.
   I have never been treated so rudely.
   I bought one drink and tried to take a picture on my 21st birthday and the customers and employees were malicious in a creepy way.
   There was no wrong doing on my part, and yet my friend and I were assaulted by the bouncer and he tried to kick my friend.
   All we wanted to do was take a picture which we were told was okay, but the customers sitting around the mural were egotistical.
   Instead of the bouncer helping us get a picture he told us to take, he was on the side of the rude customer.
   We just wanted to have a good time but that's obviously not possible there.
   They were nothing but a bunch of creepy douche bags.
   Good luck at this bar.
   I would give this place 0 stars, if I could.
  When Zeitgeist is just too far away.
  The Heart &amp; Dagger Saloon wins on the name alone, but on a sunny day after a picnic on Lake Merritt, it's a great place to relax with friends.
   Like Zeitgeist across the bay, it's got a biker motif and strong beer on tap, along with a popular backyard for catching up with friends.
   This place also has pool tables and a well-stocked jukebox (also like Zeitgeist), so it's better designed for long stays instead of a quick drink, and the crowd gets friendlier as the afternoon goes on.
   If you're having a thirsty afternoon in the East Bay, quench here.
  Sooo ran to Heart and Dagger for a drink.
   After a long day.
   Stood there while the ex zz top member bartender serves about 5 people that came in after I did.
   he finally notices my 6'5 dude .
   And I "wave" to motion "over here" .
   Since I'm paying.
  He emulates my wave .
  extra dramatic then begins to reprimand me tell me to never wave at him again or he will just ignore me .
   I said well I just waved cause you asked the guy I'm with what he wanted and I'm buying sooo.
  He said NO SERIOUSLY I DONT CARE.
  I wish I had a drink in my hand so I could throw it on him.
  FUCK THAT PLACE.
   And especially THAT BARTENDER .
  I miss places where black people were allowed and treated with the same respect as the transplants .
  He felt completely justified coming at the ONLY black couple in the bar like that.
   Maybe I'm sensitive but really FUCK THAT PLACE.
   May it burn to the ground and be resurrected as the serenader again .
  One word for this establishment.
   RACIST.
   We are professional, well educated, LATINO couple in our 40's, born &amp; raised in SF and have lived in Lake Merritt for 10 years.
   We decided to have a beer on a Saturday night.
   The tattooed, black haired female bartender took our orders, delivered our beers.
  then THREW OUR CHANGE at us, for no apparent reason.
   Then the heavy set tattooed bartender says KICK ROCKS.
   For those of you who are not familiar with this term.
   Urban Dictionary definition: F*** OFF or GET OUTTA HERE.
   Shocked and utterly disgusted people like this exist in OAKLAND? REALLY? Thought we were imaging this, but Nope.
   Just read all the HIDDEN reviews, exactly the same.
   Bottom line.
   If you're brown or black.
   Don't bother.
   THIS ESTABLISHMENT TREATS MINORITIES LIKE GARBAGE.
  Still the most awesomest bar in town!Don't go with attitude and you won't get none, epic back patio and cheap drinks.
   Better like friendly dogs, if not don't bother.
   This is a super dog lovin' joint, if you fear them stay away and don't complain about them being there.
  consider yourself warned.
  Props to Suzy, Allison and Eric.
  damn the whole crew over there makes my day.
   Just pour me a strong drink, talk like a dirty sailor and I'm yours!A Quality, respectful stand up business.
  all haters can walk the plank!!!xoxo!.
  Great bar to play pool and just meet new people.
   Very pet friendly and easy going great jukebox music and a spacious outdoor seating area.
  pretty hipster bar a great improvement from the old bar it use to be.
  She suggested we meet at this bar in Oakland.
   I heard about it before and without context imagined it to be a seedy dive bar.
   I arrived first and sat at the bar.
   The bartender was nice, the drinks were very reasonable.
   My beer wasn't as cold as I would have liked.
   The crowd was definitely a varied mix of people.
   I walked around, and checked out the back patio.
   Then decided, this is cool place.
   My date showed up we had a few drinks.
    The bartender randomly brought us a couple of free drinks to taste.
   One thing led to another and we left together.
   (It must have been the Funky Cold Medina)I would definitely like to come back and recommend this bar.
  This is the only bar I like in my hood the bartenders actually remember who you are and always treat you friendly regardless of how busy they are.
   The mixed drinks are always good and the beers is always nice and cold.
    I always love when summer is around because it's fun to see what the guest keg will be.
   The music is always great and the movies they play on the background are always entertaining.
  Nice vibe and cool place to grab a beer and play a few games on a Friday night.
   They have a giant outdoor patio with tons of tables in the back and lots of arcade games and a pool table inside.
   It was kind of crowded when we went, so it took a while to find a seat and we didn't end up staying long enough to play pool but I would be down to come back and play a few rounds.
  Enjoy being able to sit out back and enjoy the beers.
   Friendly staff is always a plus.
  Soft opening tonight.
    Big Daddy on draft.
    Free Lanesplitter pizza.
    Great friends and deep conversation.
    If I didn't have a 10 month at home, I might find myself here MUCH more often.
    Wish you were there Ben.
   :(On the way out I saw local newsletter wordsmith Ken Katz.
    He was enjoying a Negra Modelo and surveying the territory.
    He asked me what I thought and said he looked forward to my Yelp review.
    This one is for you Ken!  Keep up the good confabulation.
    See you in the hood.
  If you like Lucky 13 or Lost Weekend in Alameda, you will love Heart and Dagger Saloon.
    Check 'er out!.
  One star for every sip of beer before my dog and I got booted.
  She was barking at another dog.
   Which I get is annoying and cause for concern.
   But she was only barking because she was leashed, and wanted to go greet the other dog.
   And she was only leashed because within a minute of walking in I was told I had to leash her.
   Which would have been fine and fair except that no other dogs were leashed.
   Which puts my girl in a weird situation where everyone else is meeting and greeting and she's tied down in a corner.
    Hence the barking.
   I kind of wanted to point all this out at the time, but it's been my experience that nothing good comes from arguing with bouncers, so we left.
   Which sucks! For the 3 minutes we were there it seemed like a cool little dive.
   We live around the corner, and I was hoping this could be our end up after walks around the lake.
  I've been there a few times and now I live a few blocks behind it so I'll be there a few times more.
  Trumer and a burger from next door.
  Kwik Way is theshit andthis place is lucky to be next door.
  It's a fine bar.
   Decent.
  Dog central park today in the back.
  But I got a burger and a beer,so nocomplaints.
  This place is cool if you are a trite, predictable cliché of a hipster / fauxpunk.
   If you like waiting 20 minutes for mediocre service and a can of PBR at 500% mark-up, please come on down to Heart and Dagger!Idiots are more than welcome to enjoy pretending at rebellion while leaning on broken, unusable pin ball machines.
  Don't forget that we offer a special discount if you are one of those girls with no particular talent and so you take your clothing off on stage assuming that means you're a burlesque dancer.
   Please hold your next "desperate for mom's attention" meeting here and get a free pitcher of horse piss! I mean Tecate!.
  I used to like this place!  What the crap happened?  The bartender wasn't just rude, it was some whole other level of maximum hatred!  Did she think I was someone else?  Someone who had stolen her husband, killed her dog, and burned down her house?  Because that's what it felt like.
    Damn.
  After eventually getting a beer, we head over to play the pinball machines and they are in such a sorry state as to basically be a total ripoff.
    Heart and Dagger, I can take a hint.
    You don't want me to come there and spend my money, so I shant.
  Okay, I admit I was only in here for 15 minutes, meeting friends before seeing a movie at the Grand Lake Theatre.
    However, for a dive bar it's not really divey at all.
   Yes, it's dark and has pool tables.
   But everyone is really nice and the place is clean and not skeazy.
   Not only that but there's a great back patio.
   There's lots of bike parking out front and they don't mind if you lock up onto the railing either.
   The bouncer didn't give me any grief about running in then out, parking my bike right next to the front door (I asked if it was okay) and then leaving again without actually getting a drink.
   Definitely recommended as a nice neighborhood bar.
   Drinks are inexpensive and stiff .
  Cash only is a  bit irritating.
  Only one toilet Plenty of seating outside .
  I felt comfortable here and I think that it was because everyone was so friendly and engaging.
   I should remember to visit that side of the lake for a more often especially if I'm in the mood for mustaches, boys who ride bikes , tattoos and a slick comb over, oh wait.
  that is like.
   all day , everyday.
   Welp, alrighty then.
  LOVE this bar!  It's charmingly divey, without being disgusting.
  unlike this one bar I went to recently who's name I will not mention where patrons just dropped trou' and urinated all over the bloody patio - sorry, but that's just nasty.
   I digress.
   H&amp;D's bartenders are hella' friendly and they pour heavy.
    Seriously, I can typically hold my booze pretty well and one $10 pint-glass-sized-long-island had me buzzing preeetty hard.
    There's a pool table that's almost always occupied by friendly people who are happy to work you into the rotation, puppies! (yes, puppies.
   It's dog-friendly), a nice outdoor patio for the smokers, tasty food just next door, a jukebox, arcade games, and an ATM machine (they don't take cards).
    It's really nice to have this bar within walking distance of our house.
    It's by far the best neighborhood bar I've experienced yet.
  For saving my arse literally.
   And having clean facilites.
  I had  Trader's Joes and was loaded up with my bags when the urge hit to use the Bathroom like super bad like Damn I wish I had on a Diaper Bad like I might have to take a shit right here right now on the sidewalk and be on the bus hella shitty- like ( and deeply deeply ashamed).
   I dropped my bags and rushed into the Bar praying it would be friendly and not you-gotta buy-to shit.
   I was id checked ( I do look like a kid) and raced to the bathroom.
   Praying no body else would have to come in cause the bathroom was super tiny with one stall and no way to pretend the stink wasn't emerging from me.
  And there it goes a female patron enters just as I uh let go.
   Can't help but smell that!-Sigh- Oh well I am grateful it went down this way and not on the bus (feeling deeply deeply ashamed).
  Well made, quality drinks with a cool dive bar feel.
   There's pinball and pool which makes it great for bro-nights.
   The patrons are stylish and friendly.
   I really like the back patio area.
  This place is very cool.
    Great drinks and service.
    Next time I hope to get a spot on the über-cool patio.
    I can't remember the last time I had booze and played the video game Galaga (spelling?) Anyway, I had a great time and will definitely be back.
  This used to be the go-to bar for my friends and fellow Bay Area Derby girls.
   It was our hang out, we've given them a lot of business.
   But then today after a beautiful sunny day and a skate around the lake we decided to stop in for a drink.
   We looked on the outside for any sign about "no shoes, no service" but there wasn't one so we went in.
   Two of us had shoes, I did not.
   We proceeded to order our drinks.
   We saw a cute dog sitting on a bar stool and gave it some love.
   I got my beer and then a manager type abruptly told us we had to take our skates off, so we did.
   My friends and I grabbed our drinks and headed to the beer garden in the back (me in my socks).
   I took a few sips of my refreshing beer and Miss Cranky Pants told me that I must be wearing *shoes* or I have to leave.
   I did not have shoes so I got my money back from my beer and left the premises.
   It's too bad the woman was so prickly.
   The woman could've been much friendlier and more professional in her approach towards us but she treated the three of us with such disdain that it left us confused and surprised about her behavior.
   There was no sign posted about shoes in the front (only a sign about a 2 drink minimum).
  they allow dogs in the establishment and they allow people to smoke pot AND there is no handicap access to the establishment.
  but somehow stocking feet is not acceptable? Would they ban people in bare feet wearing flip-flops? The rules just seem a little off and we certainly didn't deserve the rude treatment.
   Me, my friends, and the Bay Area Derby girls will not be returning to the Heart &amp; Dagger.
  Proud to say this is my neighborhood bar! Love the atmosphere, puppy dogs and staff!.
  I don't usually review bars, but I loooooove Heart and Dagger! Beers are yummy, drinks are pretty good, but the best part is the patio.
   People bring their dogs back there, it's awesome!We'll usually come here and chill in the patio, maybe play some pin ball, then move to the next bar.
   We usually hit up Lanesplitter Pizza afterwords because it's so closeby.
   Delish.
  Bah! This bar has so much potential.
   Yes! Go on a sunday and get mimosas.
   Sit out in the patio, and enjoy your day.
   then go wander to the lake and stare at the hobo geese eating cigarette butts.
  Noooooo, don't go on a regular night.
   the shape of the place is sooo weird and awkward, either you're in the way of the pool table or standing by a pole in the front, squeezed by the bar, or freezing in the back patio slowly absorbing lung cancer.
   I asked for a gin and tonic and got soda and tonic.
   talk about the most extreme of a buzz kill.
    Soda is the hill billy cousin to city gal tonic.
   Also, just because this bar is called Heart &amp; Dagger doesn't mean you get to be a mean jerk.
  I repeat, get week-end day drinks here.
  Cool, neighborhood-y bar with a lovely back patio area, a friendly staff and a great selection of beers and booze.
  There's good affordable food nearby and the place is usually filled with friendly locals.
  I dig it!.
  So, my friend just moved to the bay area from good ol' NYC, and we decide to have a night out on the town, to welcome her to Oakland.
    Granted, we're both tired and lame after a week of work, so a night out on the town ends up consisting of one drink then home.
  HOWEVER.
  My one drink was a super cheap aged Jameson, and hers was a super cheap PBR tallboy.
    WELCOME TO OAKLAND.
  We met my friend there whose pet pug (I'm sorry, he's a service dog, for real) is a regular at the bar.
    Seriously, he sits on a bar stool.
    WELCOME TO OAKLAND.
  We headed out back where it was beautiful outside, despite being the end of October.
    WELCOME TO OAKLAND.
  On the back patio, my friend starts getting agitated.
    I don't know why.
    I realize it's because half the people here are not just smoking cigarettes, and where she's been living, that's still illegal.
    I mean, technically, it is here too, but really: WELCOME TO OAKLAND.
  Heart and Dagger is a great dive bar located near the historic Grand Lake Theater, conveniently nestled amongst other eateries and shops.
  - easy going vibe- back patio- outside food friendly (you can bring your own)- dog friendly-  fun (pinball, pool table, juke box)- be sure to bring photo ID - i.
  e.
   license, passport.
   State law requires that every patron have one (even if you look 21+) otherwise they get fined big time.
  - cash only (ATM on the premises).
  CASH ONLY! cool patio in the back and cool staff.
   nice local hang out.
   it's very low key and chill.
   i'd go back if i was in the area and it was happy hour.
  Went on a whim after a friend recommed the place to me.
  I had a great time.
   and too much to drink.
  lol.
   they ordered me a cab and someone offered to move my car for me since they had street sweeping early the next morning.
  what a nice thing to do.
  I would totally go back the vibe was pretty cool and the bartender was great.
  biker looking guy with a goatee.
  I'd like to give props but, I can't remember his name.
  Had a great time.
  Well, this was a fun night!  A little dive-y, dark, and grungy, but I live down the street and have always wanted to see inside!  I ended up getting a mimosa for 4$ (I think.
  ) which was pretty good.
    The back patio is pretty cool, but I couldn't stay long because it was beyond freezing the night I went.
    Also, do you think it might be a good idea to put lights outside?  Or, more lights outside?  I mean, its cool and all to sit and drink in the dark.
   but more fun to see the person you came with!  I really prefer the two seater RIGHT by the windows inside by the bar- so quaint and cozy!I read they once had a mechanical bull.
   am I wrong?  If they did, crowds would multiply, and I would be there every Sat!.
  Decent place, but the bartender could certainly have been less of a bitch.
  What other bar would explicitly say on their website that their mission is to have cheap drinks with no cover?Hey, Yelp stalkers (that are dwindling in numbers every day)! Want to stalk for reals? I'm here every Friday without fail because this bar is so freaking awesome.
   Though it's not on the ridiculously cheap Happy Hour special list ($3 drafts and well drinks), their Dirty Martinis are some of the best I've ever had (still at a super cheap price!).
  Do yourself a favor and get there early to snag a seat on the outdoor patio under the lemon tree.
   The Heart and Dagger has friendly service (I need not mention their predecessors), friendly patrons, and an all together relaxed and fun vibe.
   Cash only, and watch out.
   I'll probably steal your seat on the patio.
  Eek! Methinks not.
  That's exactly how I feel about this place, and the bartender helped out with that feeling.
    By the way this is no Zeitgeist!  That's like calling Taco Bell authentic Mexican.
    Anyway.
  Me and my lady walked in Sunday late evening around 7ish not packed but there was people.
    I thought the layout was nice, games are cool, and yes the Jukebox is the God of Heart and Dagger.
    Trust me if it weren't for that jukebox they might have got 1 star.
    Ordered tequila with club soda and a bloody mary for the first round.
    Hmmm I've had better and I wasn't feeling the bartenders dry attitude.
    It's not like I wanted her to do cart wheels but damn girl smile at least.
    We stepped outside to feel the vibe out there since there wasn't much of a vibe at the bar.
    Beautiful lemon tree, plenty of awkward seating, and a big bummer is you can't hear the music outside.
    We decided one more drink and depending on the bartenders attitude we would decide if we where going to stay or leave.
  Shot of Fernet please and one more tequila with club soda.
    I received what seemed like half a shot for 6 bucks and a half ass thanks.
    The guy next to me ordered a shot of Fernet too and it was beyond obvious his shot was double what was in my glass.
    Whatevs I finished my shot and left.
    You guys can all have this place cause it ain't fulfilling my drunk lover needs.
  From the outside, it looks like someone simply converted their quaint little house into a public bar.
   Inside is a bit more rock n roll, loud music and pool.
   $2 PBR tallies make pretty much any hole in the wall a worthwhile stop for a drink or two.
   The back patio is perfect for a summer evening but gets crowded fast as most of the room out there is taken by tables.
   Dog friendly despite not having the friendliest of dogs.
  You know what I like? Booze.
   You know what else I like? A bar that will give me said booze at a price that won't break my wallet (Ummmm, hello? Uptown? Your $8.
  00 Maker's shot can eat a bag of dicks.
  )This place is totally going to hit five stars soon.
   There are still a lot of small details that are getting worked out but you know what? The owners are hands on and working on them.
   I see them there almost every single night greeting people, talking to them about improvements.
   hell, I even saw one of them leave their guests they had come in with to help one of their bartenders who had gotten slammed and lost in the weeds.
  I've read the accusations of this place being racist and I just don't know what the hell you people are talking about.
   I can go on about it but giving it any more space than two sentences is giving credence to a line of bullshit that is just reDONKulous.
   There are few places in Oakland that I've found that allow me to feel comfortable with a wide array of friends.
   I can have this as my place to start the night, spend the night, or end the night.
   Oh - did I mention that Lanesplitters usually drops off pizza when they close? Yeah.
   free drunk food.
   All you one-star givers can join to Uptown on eating their bag of dicks.
  I knew I would like this place when this was on the juke box while I entered youtube.
  com/watch?v=BIvk… There was once a time when this place was the Serenader and that place scared the daylights out of me.
   The patrons would shout at me when I walked past and I figured that heckling/intimidating patrons with the potential to scare off customers and I totally wrote about it on Yelp and it was #$%&amp;ING FLAGGED AND REMOVED because I violated TOS.
   Well, ha, it took two years for them to pull it.
   And, well, ha, MICHELLE S.
   WILL NOT BE SILENCED! HAHAHAHA!Sorry.
  Anyway, some time ago, I reviewed Zietgiest and was so pissed that the patios seemed to be in SF rather than in the warmer climate of Oakland.
  Guess what! Enter Heart and Dagger Saloon! I finally stumbled in to check this place out yesterday afternoon (they open at noon or 1 pm on the weekends) and it was a very great anti-brunch and anti-farmer's market thing to do.
   The patrons are very talkative and approachable.
   The staff is super friendly and efficient.
   They have an impressive bourbon collection and two types of sangria.
   And, most importantly, a back patio.
  Now if the Oakland Tamale guy would stop doing the Telegraph bars and come here instead.
  Heart and Dagger.
   The name says it all.
   The best thing about this bar is they have cheap drinks and they have a back patio.
   I'm not a fan of going to bars where you can bring dogs.
   I'm from the super duper old school.
   Dogs should stay their little furry butts at home.
   As soon as i walked my fly butt out side to find a seat.
   The most ugliest poodle walked up to me and started liking my leg.
   This dog was going in for the kill, his nose was going further up my dress.
   I literally started screaming and telling the dog to get the hell away from me.
   OK i think yawl get the hint I'm not a dog lover.
   Now don't get me wrong I like dogs.
   Bottom line Heart and Dagger the name says it all.
   Please don't spend to much of your life at this bar unless you rock outfits that have skull and bones on them.
   Get my drift.
  3 terrific pinball gamesAttack from Mars (Bally)Creature from the Black Lagoon (Bally)Arabian Nights (Williams)$3.
  50 PBR TallboysDecent jukebox (no autotunes)Mellow people (seemed free of hipsters.
  ).
  I have never been treated so rudely by a bartender (and we all know how they can be sometimes, lol).
   But imagine my surprise when it turned out to be the self-proclaimed OWNER of the place.
   I am still just shocked by her blatant disrespect of my friends and I, I still have absolutely no idea why we were treated in this fashion-- the only cause i could speculate is that I was with mostly people of color.
   shocking for Oakland, but i have racked my brain and that is the only thing i can come up with.
   The bartender did not want us there from the second we walked in and she made that very clear.
   Nor did she even care when I tried to address the matter with her, happy to hear she had lost all of our business forever.
   I see that a few other reviewers had similar experiences, how sad.
  All's I know is that I know a LOT of bars in Oakland that at least pretend to care about their customers.
   I will never go back to this bar, it's certainly no good to be so blatantly disrespected, but I'm certainly not going to PAY to be treated that way.
   lol.
  I just moved to Lakeshore from Montclair, and you know what excites me?  The fact that I can walk to a bar and stumble home late at night after.
    You know what doesn't excite me?  The fact that Heart and Dagger Saloon of Oakland is my local bar.
  Let's be honest, I haven't seen this many white people together in one place since Oakland's First Friday (or as I lovingly call it, "White Night").
    The lay out is funky .
   .
   .
   especially the VIP raised table right as you walk in the door.
    The outside is nice and I will definitely try it again in the summertime, but really, I don't want to go anywhere that makes my "ethnic" friends feel uncomfortable .
   .
   .
   .
  Looks like we're going to Easy.
  Heart and Dagger is a-okay.
   The patio is gigantic, probably more room out there than in the actual bar.
   Prices were reasonable, but comparisons to Lucky 13 or similar bars with awesome beer selections and divey vibes are a bit uncalled for; there aren't that many beers on tap, and the crowd there (Saturday afternoon) was more likely to be reading the paper than to be chatting it up with fellow bar patrons.
   Dog friendly though!.
  i dunno what i was expecting when i heard this was a biker dive bar.
  maybe a little more dive and a little more hott bikers.
  ? parking was easy, directly across the street.
  and well, the spot itself is pretty cool inside with pool tables, pinball machines, and a jukebox.
   The bartender worked up some strong drinks and the other patrons were pretty accommodating.
  the patio area was pretty big lined up with park benches to share, but the lighting def needs improving so us cougs could see which cubs are available to hunt! some of my biker friends rave about this spot because of it being biker friendly and maybe it just wasn't the night for them to be there.
  so i'll be back and give it another try, maybe on a saturday.
  check back and i'll let you know!.
  Walked in here for the first time and was like "so THIS is what the Serenader looks like from the inside!"Great out door patio, stiff cheap drinks, good jukebox, men with facial hair .
   .
   .
   sign me up!.
  Where everybody knows your name!We have been going to the Heart and Dagger since it opened, usually with me draped in my cool H and D swag.
  This is a throwback to a great neighborhood bar, with a little punk thrown in.
   We went last night to reintroduce our recently transplanted friends back to the amazing-ness that is the Bay Area, and ran into a group of friends.
   That is what I love about this place! Knowing that our friends all go there, and that we can catch up and hang out on the patio for hours is awesome!Boozy Suzy always makes me a delicious custom made drink when I am hanging out with all of the beer drinking boys, which puts a smile on my face every time.
  The boys love getting Lane-Splitters for dinner, and staying and talking the night away.
   Now, if I can only get Lane Splitters to carry gluten free pizza, I would never leave!.
  If you are looking for a dive bar, you can't do much better than this in Oakland.
   The drinks are cheap, there's a great outdoor seating area and plenty of people watching.
   It gets a little smokey in the patio, but what do you expect from outdoor seating at a bar.
   Pinball and Pool are also big pluses.
  Love the fact that karaoke is not and never will be allowed!They pour great drinks with great prices and a very fun crowd to watch.
  Check it out!.
  I love, love love love Heart and Dagger! It's about time that Oakland got a decent rocker/biker/alternative bar!I've heard people call it a "dive bar" but it's anything but.
   If you love Zeitgeist in SF, imagine a smaller, east bay version.
   That's what you get at Heart and Dagger.
  Plus, you can actually go and get a few drinks and not spend more than $20.
   The jukebox is loaded with bitchin' tunes.
   The staff is super friendly.
   The place is Dog friendly.
   And they let you bring in food from other places to eat.
   And once in a while, Lane Splitters will bring by free pizza that's left over at the end of the night or wrong orders.
  It's cozy and comfy.
   All races, genders, gays, straights welcome.
   It's nice to see a diverse alternative culture and not feel like you walked into a snobby hipster bar for once.
   Heart and Dagger has certainly become my version of "Cheers!".
  I dig this bar, I really do.
   The staff is friendly (even the door guys are nice) and there's usually a fun crowd inside.
   My favorite time to visit Heart and Dagger is on a lazy Sunday when the back patio is filled with dogs, cigarettes and tall boys.
   Drinks are reasonably priced, has every amenity you'd ever ask of a dive, and the bathrooms aren't gross! I can only speak for the Men's bathroom, though.
   Also, if you're hungry, Lanesplitters (as well as other awesome grub) is right next to Heart and Dagger, and the bar is totally cool with you bringing a pizza box in to share with friends.
  Additional bonuses: 3 pinball tables and an ATM machine.
   When their ATM machine isn't working, there's a bank 50 feet away.
   The only negative: When the outside patio is closed and the bar is packed, the inside of the bar will make you claustrophobic.
  If I've said it once, I've said it a million times:  This place is great as long as the back yard stays open.
    When they shut it down and start hustling us in at 11 or 11:30 or whenever it is, it is just way too small to accommodate us.
    Inevitably this results in an additional trip either back to the Kona or the Ruby Room.
  I know they're trying to be good neighbors and I can respect that, but the early nightly closing of the outside is a total buzzkill.
  While my pals and I were wandering around Oakland on a sunny day, we came here to get a drink and sit at their outdoor patio.
    It was a bit of a 30-something meat market.
    Since we were not really out on the prowl, it was a sort of hilarious scene.
    We drank mimosas and watched a group of British men hit on any women who'd have them.
    I don't know about what it's like at night or when it's cold, but I found it quite enjoyable in the lovely Oakland sun.
    Not really worth a trip to the East Bay, but good if you're already there.
  3.
  5 stars!It gets knocked back from 4 because the only beer I (kinda) like there is Sierra Nevada.
    But this is a great last stop for when you don't care anymore and you just want to knock back a PBR tallboy or two.
   Classy!   Anywaaaays, it may not be the classiest joint but it is a lot of fun -- there are little video games, a pool table, and a large outdoor patio.
    The TVs play the randomest crap, and everyone there is just chillin'.
    Gets a little crowded, but that's part of the fun.
   And when you finally get kicked out, the Taco Guys sometimes park their truck outside, so you can grab an organic, free-range, vegetarian-fed taco (it's very important for your 2 a.
  m.
   drunk self to be environmentally friendly) to go with that last PBR.
  Pitchers, pinball, patio! Great neighborhood dive bar.
   good location, average prices, dogs outside.
   Definitely plan on going back regularly.
  This is now the bar I call my neighborhood favorite.
    I love that it has an outdoor patio.
    The one downside is that I'm a nonsmoker so if it's crowded it's hard to get away from the smokers but it's worth it to me to sit outside on a sunny day and enjoy a beer.
    The beers are priced great, especially if you get there early enough for happy hour.
    Dogs are allowed in the back which offers some entertainment if there are a few there.
    The bartenders have always been very friendly.
    I haven't been back in a while since the weather has been cold but the next warm, sunny day I have off work I know where I'm headed.
  If the Lexington in SF and Zeitgeist in SF had a love child it would be Heart and Dagger.
   In recent years there has been a gaggle of gays moving over to Oakland, myself included, and we needed a gayborhoody hangout.
   I do believe Heart and Dagger fits the bill! A group of us went to Heart and Dagger and we knew we were "home" when Gary, any dyke worth her weight knows this doorman, greeted us! There were hugs all around! He has been working the door at some infamous lesbian parties in SF for years.
   He is an East Bay boy so he is right at home at Heart and Dagger.
   The bar has that "cozy" Lex feeling and the backyard is like Zeigeist's little sister.
   There is also a pool table indoors and it's surrounded by tons of raggedy old bar stools and a couple throne type areas to chill in.
   Random, but welcomed.
   Good, full bar with some attractive bartenders.
   Always a bonus! Prices were excellent.
   And don't worry hip straighties, it is a diverse crowd and everyone seems to be welcomed with open arms.
   We like that.
   Diversity good.
   Let's do the math: Cool hangout space+good bar with good prices+backyard space+Gary at the door+plenty of parking across the street = a sweet little gayborhoody spot we plan to frequent.
  Eek!  Methinks never again.
  Went here a few times and thought it was alright.
    After having my bike tires slashed and the bartender refusing service saying "I don't serve blonds" to my male friend.
  I'm done.
  Pros:Patio out backCute dogsCons:Rude bartenderOnly one toilet.
  which clogs and people still piss (and crap) in it until it's fullBike tires SLASHED.
  no sign in sight saying do NOT park your bike herePeople beauregarding the jukebox with annoying musicIf you're willing to put up with idiots for bartenders, nasty toilets, and flat tires please go here!.
  Five stars for a bar?  What caught your eye Tim?  What could possibly be that awesome:This F**&amp;ing place.
  Pinball: Sweet.
  Three of 'em: Even sweeterMaximum Force/ Area 51 arcade game: You mean I can get drunk and kill things ?,Pacman/Froger/Galaga/all sorts of other cool 80's hits, flashback out of the time I was in diapers.
    RadJukebox with Iron Maiden and the Clash? And all sorts of other badass tunes? CheckCheap drinks too? I just shit myself in excitement.
    Maybe I'll go to the bathroom to cl.
  Holy crap there's a patio too?  This place gets my vote and my dollar.
   Its smaller than you expect but the folks tend to be friendly and loud.
    Its a good time and theres tons of parking across the street.
  Like my lady said: It's a dive bar, but without the urine and cigarette stench.
    WHOA.
  I kinda like this place.
  Tuesday night &amp; about twenty patrons.
  Sierra Nevada on tap for $3.
  00(Happy hour until 7:00)Appears to be an old house @ some point in it' s past life,some new paint &amp; stucco made a large improvement.
  Fairly neat &amp; clean.
  Ping pong table in action in the back patio.
  Bar tender was friendly &amp; helpful with beer selection.
  Mixed crowd on my visit.
  Parking was no big deal (right across the steet.
  A big improvement from the last sh*#hole bar previously residing @ this location.
  Patio looks to be a good spot for hot summer nights.
  Go already!!!.
  Loved the pinball and the backyard seating! Cash only so come prepared.
   Great spot for a bloody mary on a Sunday afternoon.
   Bring your pooch along!.
  When this place first opened up, I thought it was pretty cool.
    I loved the pinball, back patio &amp; the jukebox was pretty good too.
    However, over the last year I've gone there, my impression declined from "great" to "okay" to "absolutely never again will I set foot in the place".
    The first reason I started going was for the pinball, but whatever company leases the machines to the bar (California Amusement Group?) does not keep them in good repair.
    Since they opened, I've been there to play the machines multiple times, and each time, every single one of the 3 games were in such disrepair as to make the game almost a complete waste of money because you couldn't make key shots for scoring (like an intermittent or weak flipper, or a semi-functioning plunger).
    Eventually, I stopped going there as often because of that, but gave it another chance a couple nights ago because my friend's friend was having a birthday party there - BIG mistake.
    My friend (also female) and I waited at the bar to get a drink for over 20 minutes while the bartender completely ignored us, giving no eye contact &amp; no acknowledgement that she saw us, while serving everyone else at the bar, including people who had clearly come up to the bar after us.
    I'm pretty patient when a bar is crowded, because I understand that it's not an easy job.
    However, as we got passed over, time &amp; time again, it was obvious that the bartender just did not want to serve us.
    WTF?  There was even some jerk standing fully behind me who leaned over my shoulder &amp; shouted - "pitcher of Trumer" - who got served while we were still waiting there!  Finally, there was guy standing next to my friend who could see what was going on (who had also come up AFTER us), and then sure as sh*t, the bartender came up to ask HIM what he wanted, so he pointed to us and said "these ladies were first", and she scoffed &amp; said something totally dismissive like "okay whatever" and then reluctantly asked what we wanted.
    After she served us, she started ignoring the guy who pointed out that we were next.
    Okayyyyy - wow.
    I'm not sure why we got that kind of treatment, but it felt pretty crappy.
    I sortof wondered whether it was because I was an obvious dyke.
    I couldn't think of any other reason why we got treated that way, unless maybe the bartender just has a problem with other women in general?  (I've seen other reviews by women here who have mentioned crappy treatment by a female bartender here as well).
    In any case, regardless of the reason, this bartender obviously did not want me &amp; my friend's business, and the owners don't care that their patrons get ripped off on their janky pinball machines either, so Mission Accomplished!!!  I will never go there again!Sad, because it had so much potential.
  My favorite neighborhood joint.
   It's cozy.
   The patrons are young, diverse, attractive, and take good care of themselves.
   The bar staff and security are really friendly.
   Nice change from comparable larger venues in the City.
   This is where I plan to bring my friends this summer.
  The music hits all my sweet spots--blues, rockabilly, punk, HEAVY METAL.
   The beer selection is good enough for me--and it's cheap! And if I overkill (which I almost never do anymore) I live right up the street and could crawl home if necessary.
   Perfect.
   If grog and whiskey ain't your thing, then be sure to ask for a Suzie-kazi if Boozie Suzie is slingin shots.
  Need something to pad the sauce so you can see straight despite beer goggles? Head over to Lanesplitter's right next door--OR DRINK SOME MORE UNTIL YOU'VE DRUNK YOURSELF SOBER.
  I thought this place was cute.
   The drinks were great and super cheap.
   We went on a Friday night around 9 and it was packed.
   I thought the outdoor space was great.
   It had cute brick/cobble stone floor, lots of stringed lights and the cutes local puppy.
   I will say that the layout is ridiculous, they could have fit way more tables or at least some drink holding counters.
   i spent most the night reorganizing the space layout in my head.
   The crowd seemed a little young, college- single types, but everyone was friendly and calm-ish.
   However it was only 9 and the party was just beginning.
  they have pool table and pin-ball but they were packed and unlikely to be able to play.
  All-n-all: i would go back for a beer and hang.
   but after we left here, we stumbled upon all that is holey in Dive Bars.
    Smitty's Cocktails, review to follow!!.
  Heart and Dagger is my neighborhood  bar hangout.
   For those in the Grand Lake area, it really is convenient which adds to it's draw.
   It can get a bit crowded on Friday and Saturday night.
   It has a cool motorcycle vibe and some tough looking characters that frequent.
   While it has some diversity of character, however, it really is a hipster-ific bar.
    Lanesplitters, the next door pizza joint, will often deliver the pizza at the end of the night.
   GREAT outdoor patio with a fun lemon tree.
   In three words: cheap, convenient and cool.
  Everything I want in a bar: cheap drinks, comfortable back yard to sit and drink in (complete with a huge lemon tree in the center), good jukebox, decent not-to-cool-for-school bartenders, a first person shooter video game, and a non-douchey clientele.
  I love this place.
  Can you say cheap drinks? Well, I use to pop up at this place before Heart and Dagger took over.
   The mgmt kept changing and it wasn't always safe to go, but they had great bands.
   It was called Serenadas.
   Soooooooo, the bar was finally sold to someone who knows what to do.
  The bartenders are super fast, super friendly, and always something weird, or interesting on their tv sets.
   They have pool, playing machine, and a HUGE patio for smoking.
   Did I already say cheap drinks?The music is a variety of rock, heavy metal, non heavy metal, and all sorts of other stuff.
    Now, hopefully your a dog lover because you might see a few dogs or cats.
   Hard to describe the crowd, but everyone seems cool.
   Oh, for the 3rd time, cheap drinks!!!!! Oh, they occasionally give you free pizza from next door.
  Who cars about dog, different music, or anything else if you getting served cheap fast drinks.
   There are 4 other bars in the area if you don't like this one.
   Right by the grand theatre, plenty of cabs, near the bus line, so no excuse for you not to go.
   Check it out!!!!.
  The patio is large and dog friendly.
   Employees are nice.
   Bouncer is awesome.
   Pinball.
   Cool regulars to talk to.
   The lock on the bathroom door works (hard to find at bars).
   Free parking in a lot across the street.
  Excellent music.
   Off the top of my head, last night I can remember hearing Faith No More, High On Fire, The Cramps, and Slayer.
   The bartender was wearing a Minor Threat shirt and they had Grindhouse playing on the TV when I walked in around 5:30.
  It's a few doors down from Lanesplitters, who donates the delicious pizza they don't sell at the end of the night to hungry bar patrons.
  Last time hanging out on the patio, I witnessed a Blue Heron take a GIANT crap on a couple of screaming girls.
   This is a great place.
  Good prices, pool table, good juke, and a PATIO! A backyard patio is so rare here in Oakland, so it scores.
  A lot of reviewers seem to have had problems with the bartenders.
   I haven't.
   The crowd is cool, too.
   Good people.
  I'd like to have a bit more room inside, and maybe a second pool table, but other than those tiny things, this place rocks.
  This place is pretty great.
  The drinks are cheap here.
   &amp; of course, like most of the dive bars -it's cash only.
   Luckily they have a BoA and CHASE within walking distance.
   There's also this awesome pizza place next door to go to feed your intoxicated needs.
   Overall a great dive bar.
  a WHOLE lot better than the Ruby Room or Radio.
  (I think its the same owner?).
   The backdoor patio could use a little more lighting though and that nasty lonely blue bulb should be replaced.
  4 stars as room for growth.
   Great little rock and roll neighborhood bar!(too clean to call it a 'dive')They've got  a pool table, a few pinball machines and one of those table ms. pacmans.
  Decor is cute, place is clean, and the jukebox is outstanding.
  I'm really excited about 2 things at this place:#1.
   Tuesday nights.
   (For DML)#2.
   The back patio.
   I can just imagine the awesomeness of meeting friends for booze brunches, or cooling off on balmy(ish) summer nights.
   Really cool atmosphere.
    I absolutely LOVED the music selection.
    Could've turned the music down  a little (it was a little distorted).
    Drinks were great, well priced.
    Friendly bar staff.
    I'd recommend to friends.
   Definitely a dive.
    Terrible DJ.
    And I don't just mean that they didn't play my kind of music.
   I mean that the music was all over the place: just when the dancing got started, the music would shift to something totally undance-able.
    But on the upside, it's easy to find.
    And there's a lot of seating, which I loved.
   The Night Light was quite the surprise discovery.
    I met up with some friends for a birthday celebration on Friday night that kicked off at Plank in Jack London Square.
    After finishing up a game of bowling, we were in need of a new bar for the rest of the evening.
    Luckily one of my friends knew about about The Night Light, so we made the short walk over.
    I was expecting a mediocre dive spot when we first entered, but my first impressions were corrected in short order.
   There is apparently an upstairs area that is used for concerts but we stayed in downstairs area.
    With regard to the downstairs portion of the place, there is a bar with stools that runs the length of the place, some more comfy seats along the opposite wall, and a DJ booth and small dance floor at the far end.
    I thought I was going to bumping into people all night long, but to my pleasant surprise, everyone was extremely chill and there was plenty of space on the dancefloor despite a healthy crowd.
    The DJ played a great mix of hip hop throughout the night.
    Ignoring an initial failed attempt at making an Old Fashioned, the rest of the cocktails for the evening were well-made and tasty.
    The drinks were also reasonably priced (3 for $24 before tip).
   If in the Jack London Square area and looking for a good place to dance and grab a drink, definitely checkout The Night Light.
   The Night Light might look divey from the outside, but the downstairs portion is great for large groups, has a lively, fun vibe on weekend nights, and offers decently priced drinks that pack quite a punch.
    The upstairs portion often hosts live acts for a modest cover.
   As with many Oakland establishments, it's the clientele that really makes things, and, true to Oakland's reputation, the crowds here are diverse and friendly.
    Worth a visit either for chilling out downstairs or checking out a live act upstairs.
   Oh, hello white people of Oakland.
    Are we cramping your 'style'? Oops.
    Concerning when a bar experiences an influx of a color unbeknownst to them and makes it completely obvious.
    Thank you, we hardly noticed.
   On the intro act, the power went out 3 times.
    I missed most of the headline act b/c i had to catch the last BART train.
    They couldn't hire an electrician to check the system first.
    :(.
   I come here mostly for The Hanging Garden nights, which I might add are now TWO FLOORS of all my favorite classic goth, new wave and synthpop (read: dance club!)  Highly recommend going early it does get packed but you will have fun and get sweaty!.
   My friend and I were in the bay area for the weekend.
    We were walking down Washington St and heard Michael Jackson playing, so we went in!Super fun night! Very chill and laid back, cheap drinks, great DJ and good times.
    Everyone who was there just wanted to have a good time.
    The bouncer was funny and inviting.
    If you're in the area, go and have fun!.
   The Night Light is a perfectly serviceable little bar, upstairs over another bar.
     There's not much to the venue, it's just one room and fairly small, but it's got that dive bar vibe that I like so much.
    The decor, the velvet wallpaper, and the dim lighting all give it a casually-classy speakeasy look.
    The staff and bartender were all friendly, we got our drinks quickly and the cost (for cover and drinks) was reasonable.
    The only issue I had was that the small venue size didn't really work with the event I went to.
    The venue atmosphere worked perfectly for the theme of the event, but there was barely enough standing room for the large crowd, let alone for the swing dancing they were advertising for the event.
    But that was more on the event organizers and not on the bar itself.
    Night Light seems like my kind of bar, a nice dark hidey hole to drink away a few hours with your friends.
    If I lived nearby, I could totally see myself being a regular at the Night Light.
   Came in here to kill some time to eat some sushi next door and ended up staying here longer than usual because of the great service and awesome vibes.
   JOHNNY is the man.
    He greets you as you come in, asks you what drink your in the mood for, let's you know what he has in stock, and makes the drink for you with great taste.
   The man even remembers my name and checks up on me to see how I'm doing .
    from the bar (as I'm seated from across the room)! Love this guy!Johnnyyyyy, you're the man, keep doin what you're doin.
   Loved the bartenders! They took shots of patron with me, little expensive, 10$ per shot but cool people.
    Laid back grungy hipster vibe.
    Music was loud and I felt at home.
   Went to The Night Light to a benefit show for a musician that was slain recently in Oakland.
    The venue seemed really small at first but it was a great night.
    No comments on the drinks or restroom since all I drank was water ( I was the DD) and never had to use the restroom.
    Just beware where you park!! I was lucky enough to end up in the parking garage and we found out that one of the bands vans was broken into before the show even started.
   It was a cool place to chill out after our job's X-Mas party.
     The dj had good music and I kinda forgot I was in Oakland.
   Cool ass people in there!.
   What a gem we found last night! Casual ambiance, no cover, great dj! Photobooth inside but it costs $5.
    Bartenders were nice and didn't have a poor attitude.
    The DJ was playing all the 90 hitters which brought us back.
    We were singing along and dancing.
    If this DJ plays every Saturday night, I wouldn't mind coming back.
   Cool place, great drinks, fantastic staff, and friendly environment.
    Will definitely be back.
   Fun place that I've hit a few times while going to concerts in Oakland.
     After about 5pm they have a DJ in the corner of this dark and leathery place.
     Good music, happy people, good drinks!Mixology is emphasized here with many artisan style cocktails at fair prices.
   I'll be back!.
   The Night Light is the worlds best bar.
    Epic vibe, good drink, truly a solid place to turn up.
    I left my card on the counter not knowing and one of the bar tenders ran it out to me.
    I think his name was Jason or Charles, either way.
    I will be back, but this time I'm bringing my Vape.
   Definitely my favorite bar in Oakland.
    Perfect for some casual after work drinks or weekend partying.
    The bald white dude (Jason I think?) makes the best margarita I've ever had.
    You're missing out if you're not drinking at The Night Light.
   I like this place well enough, but not my favorite place in Jack London Square.
    Last Friday is a good place to be and happy hour price is reasonable.
   Awe, My absolute favorite spot to go in JLS for an after dinner drink and dancing.
    They always have a DJ on the weekends.
    The photo booth is all kinds of fun.
    Cozy couches everywhere in the dark atmosphere.
    The bar area and staff is nice.
    Prices aren't too bad for JLS.
    Looking forward to being back soon.
   This bar seems like it has good vibe and a classy demeanor.
    BUT, the bad apple spoils the bunch.
    I got my change stolen by the bar tender Charles twice! The second time while I was calling him out for such a petty theft.
    His words exactly, "My bar, my money".
    I had good reason to file a report with the BBB.
    Lucky for Night Light owners I was talked down by the superior bar tender Casey.
    Casey not only made me feel comfortable, but returned my stolen change, and insured me Charles would no longer be our server.
    I honestly feel bad for Casey because he has to share his tips with Charles.
    I feel even worse for Charles because he did not even realize he had spoiled his bed enough to offer an apology.
    Customer service is not for everyone but when drugs, alcohol, and ego are in the mix things can become dangerous.
    I had a terrible experience but I would go back if I saw a hot enough girl in there, and poor Charles had been relieved of the stress of a front of house position.
   It's cool bar.
     Those kids who seem to complain, go back to the city.
     Many of us like it just the way it is.
    Chill music, chill staff, chill regulars.
   Great little bar that had Anchor Christmas ale on tap, nudie paintings in ornate frames, and a couple of cool Sunday night DJs that spun some goth and industrial tunes--yes, vinyl.
    Fun times.
   I read so many great reviews about this place I had to check it out.
     Reviews do not lie.
    The place is casual, relaxed, friendly.
    Awesome bartenders and DJ plays excellent music.
    Everyone there seemed to be having a good time.
    Highly recommended if you are from out of town or if you are a local.
   So. much. whiskey.
    Definitely more than I've ever seen in a dive bar - though I guess this is slightly above that, but not quite one of those pretentious mixology places yet.
    The bartenders are friendly, and took care of everyone, even though they were slammed on a Friday night.
    They checked back in with us regularly, and chatted with us to recommend different scotches.
    They know their stuff, but they don't rub it in your face.
   It seemed like the upstairs bar through the other entrance was for dancing, and downstairs is for drinking.
    Wish they did have a dance floor though, because they were playing great music.
    I'm adding the Night Light to my usual list (The Layover, Bar 355) for the perfect trifecta of bars in Oakland.
   I don't remember much about this place, except that I came after striking out at the other bars nearby.
    It seemed cute (and dark) inside and the drinks were fine (male bartender was super nice and didn't look down on me for getting 'beginner's drinks').
    What I REALLY remember was back to back fantastic 80's songs (along the lines of Fleetwood Mac) and having a great time.
    More people should go and get a better crowd assembled!.
   The Night Light is a quaint lil' spot in Oakland (conveniently across a Dominos).
    The inside is reminiscent of a speakeasy; red walls adorn the room with low lighting and black accents.
    I would say that this spot should admit about 25 people only to allow for ample space, but that's a guestimation on my part.
    Bands play a little too loud for this venue and I would say jazz acoustic music would be preferable (decibel-level wise).
    Overall, a-ok :).
   This place has upstairs and downstairs, both with bars, both accept cards, and both have good service.
     Upstairs also has a stage where they have live music, and the sound quality is surprisingly good.
     Parking is not difficult at night, it is easy to get to and from the freeway, and the cover of $5.
   00 is totally worth it.
     NOTE: The cover only is applicable to upstairs for live music, downstairs has none.
   This place reminds me of those timeswhen you are hanging on the front porch.
   Drinking with your friends.
   Having another one.
   And the fun never ends.
   Or as a kid when you are hanging in the alley.
   Drinking with your friends.
   Having another one.
   The fun never ends.
   Or when you are hanging out at Fest.
   Drinking with your friends.
   Having a great timeand the fun never endsAnd then that timeI was at the Night Light hangin' with Titograbbing some drinks and the fun never seemed to end.
   Until we were going down Broadway to grab him some cigsRho and Dottie show up for a good timebut so do the pigsSo we go back inside the Night Light for another drinkAnd the fun never ends.
   This spot turns out good drinks and seems to cater to a more mature (30s and 40s) clientele, at least on a recent Thursday evening.
    It can get loud, but hey, it's a music venue too.
   Cool and unpretentious pub near Jack London Square.
    They have a good selection of interesting cocktails made with some organic ingredients.
    The decor is Spartan leather and the music is loud, though offering a groovy mix, especially when a live DJ is present.
    The space has the feel of being a warehouse with some furniture and a bar, but it works.
   This place is classy, sexy, hip and overall amazing.
   Will always be my place to go when I need a drink and good company.
    Love you guys, keep rocking it.
   The Night Light (b/w Nation"s &amp; souley vegan) has been resurrected as a sensual drinking hole with brown tones, brown woods and stylish nudes on the woods.
   a relaxed mood is enhanced by the easy listening r &amp; b music.
    space isn't that big.
    you beat the rush by going to happy hours, every day, 4-8-well drinks(4)-draft beers (4?)-specialty drinks ($1 off)drink: gin &amp; tonic (4)-heavy pour, 1 1/2 oz gin, i hearlady from the sea (9)-rum, cane sugar, and ?just a sweet drink.
   on draught-6 micros on draft-bill, the bartender ,is cool, laid back.
   Night light, my you do shine bright! Tucked between Ginza and Nations on Broadway, not too far from Beer Rev and Souley Vegan, It's a stone's throw away from many favorite things.
    Five stars alone for the fact there's another stellar drinking establishment close to my favorite toasty crispy burger.
    For me, Night Light screams, "Ladies, drop your man off at boyfriend daycare (Beer Rev) and come grab a yummy nautical themed cocktail with your girlfriends!" Not to say that boyfriend didn't like it, nono, he did.
    But sometimes, dare I say, it's just not a beer night.
    And sometimes, after said delicious toasty crispy, I'd really enjoy a cocktail.
    The Night Light is brand new.
    Yup, mm that new paint twinge is still there.
    The interior is cush and luxurious.
    Dimly lit with lots of leather seating, it begs the question, is there a nautical wench waiting for a suitor upstairs? It struck me that the design is eerily similar to 355.
    The space, however, is much more open and conducive to lounging.
    I enjoyed the sound they had going.
    Boyfriend and I just stopped in for a quick cocktail on our way home.
    I tried and loved the Wild and Free.
    Boyfriend enjoyed his high on Rye.
    Both were 8 bucks each.
    Didn't break the bank although I wouldn't call it exactly cheap.
    They don't accept credit cards which is a little annoying but nothing we couldn't figure out.
    Night light, I hope you are here to stay.
    Especially if your co-owner Doug was serious about his promise of unlimited free drinks :).
   The owner doug really cares about this place.
    Although I didn't have the best experience here, I am willing to give it another try because doug really takes his work seriously.
   Had a few cocktails to celebrate by birthday after having dinner in the area.
    I was very surprised that this was here.
    I really enjoyed my drink and the furniture was nice.
    The decor makes this spot feel trendy.
    There are mostly dark colors and darker woods used in the decor.
    I also like the wallpaper and it was fuzzy.
    I only wish there was a little more ventilation, it was one hot summer night plus drinks was making it like HOT.
    This is a great spot.
   Really fun place that is off the beaten path of Oakland bars and is always a good stop after Merchant's or Beer Revolution.
    Lucy and Dougie keep the place going great.
     The happy hour prices are awesome.
     For some reason, the bar upstairs is run like a separate entity so each drink costs more so remember to order downstairs.
     Your drink will still be scientifically poured into the jigger and not an extra drop.
   The neighborhood already has some amazing beer spots (Trappist and Beer Revolution), so it's about time a cocktail destination opened.
   I sampled 3 or 4 of the house cocktails and all were great, nice atmosphere and service.
     Predictably quiet on a Tuesday around happy hour, so I hope that things pick up closer to the weekend.
     These guys deserve a crowd.
   Cash only right now, but there is an ATM on site.
   Part divey, part mixology, and full blown hipster.
     If any of those three appeal to you, definitely stop by for a drink at least.
     The venue is really small, but breathes character.
     Everyone from the owner, bartenders, and doorman treats you like a customer.
     Service is fantastic, and they often come socialize with you on less busy nights to make sure everything is up to par.
     This gives me hope that neighborhood divey places that serve mean cocktails are still around.
     You won't hear the "UNCE UNCE UNCE" of EDM or top 40 here.
     Instead you'll find ambient lighting and lounge rock playing.
     Awesome place to catch up with old friends.
     Drinks are definitely stiff.
   Wait staff is not pretentious at all.
   PROTIP:  They make an absolutely mean old fashioned.
     Their whiskey selection is definitely not shabby either.
   Night Light is a great addition to the neighborhood.
    It's a chill, unpretentious bar with a besuited doorman, good bartenders, good drinks, and really good music.
   I haven't gone to any shows yet.
   Classy! Lots of comfortable furniture and space (at least, there was on a weeknight).
    My bartender was kinda daffy but I wasn't in a hurry.
   Saw a show upstairs and really loved it -- the bartender up there was great, the lady at the door danced along, everyone was super nice and nobody was pretentious even though there's a big shelf full of rye.
   My group of friends and I (Oaklanders!) were stoked to check this place out on opening night.
     We got there at 8:30, so it wasn't that late into the evening when we showed up.
   The doorman was awesome.
     He was seriously the best thing about the night!  He gets 5 stars.
   The space looks really nice - the outside arches and fairy lights, the fuzzy interior wallpaper.
     That's 4 stars.
     Probably the worst thing about the experience was -- when we met the doorman, we were like "Man! This place is going to be awesome!"  We had really high expectations for what this place was going to be like.
     Plus, our group of friends loves really hard on the Oakland bar scene, and JLS, and were hopeful that there would be a reason to head this way a little more often.
   However, it was really disappointing in the sense that I, and I think most of my friends, really feel no reason to go back here.
     Hence, the 2 stars - "meh.
    i've experienced better.
   "The cocktails on the menu were good tasting (if they had been mixed properly), and similar prices as other bars we love (Chop Bar in JLS, Van Kleef, Make Westing, Layover, etc).
     So that was fine.
   But the service?  The bartender I got a drink from was okay.
     Only problem was that their first cocktail on the menu, the "Old Smokey" (something like that) was already unable to be made due to lack of ingredients.
     Okay, so it's opening night and they're learning, but wouldn't you want to have a lot of the stuff on hand for your headlining cocktail?My drink was okay, but it wasn't mixed up at all, just everything layered, so it got kinda gross cuz I couldn't stir it and so had to drink up all the sweet stuff first, then when I could stir it, it was unbalanced.
   One friend reported that his bartender was actually really mean to him.
     She was repeatedly shouting prices at people (in a not friendly manner, not in an "it's loud in here" manner).
     Also, for other drinks our friends got, the prices seemed to range wildly for the same drink - between $6-9 for the same drink within our group of friends.
   Later, when a friend returned to buy a drink for himself and his partner, he was told by a bartender that he couldn't order a cocktail.
     Even though cocktails are on the menu and the other bartender was making them.
   To be fair, they were probably just understaffed and overwhelmed.
     There seemed to be only two main bartenders, and one third who was partially making drinks and partially running around.
     But why go somewhere to get such disappointing service? You'd think that you'd want to pull out all the stops on opening night, or at least just be prepared with enough staff and ingredients.
     Or if you're not prepared, be friendly and gracious about it - smile maybe?  Most Oaklanders are understanding about shortages of drinks and staff, but not about being treated poorly.
     I'd give this place another chance (based on the doorman alone, actually) to hopefully make some positive changes after a crappy friday night opening.
    They're supposed to also have shows, which I'd go to check out.
    However, there are so many better options that have their stuff together in Oakland, so I'm not in a hurry to go back.
   To illustrate why not, a couple Fridays ago, same group of friends ended up at Van Kleef and the owner was walking around passing out several rounds of complimentary tomatoes with vinegar/sea salt to everyone in the bar.
     And it wasn't a special occasion.
     And there were a lot of people in the bar.
   There's a reason I prefer to stay in Oakland to go out and skip San Francisco, and unfortunately, the Night Light isn't quite there, yet.
     Let's hope they get it together.
   They have velvet wallpaper, leather man chairs and, at least when we were there, a propensity to lure people into many drinks followed by a late night Hulu marathon of Soul Train when you return home, maybe a bit drunk.
    In case you were unaware this entire scenario goes well with whiskey.
    Yes, they have whiskey and they know how to make it into delightful cocktails.
    All of this on their second night.
    Yes, I am looking forward to more of this good in the neighborhood.
   This place is great.
    Always good tunes spinning.
    Really good happy hour.
    Friendly bartenders.
    Great for after work.
   This is literally my girlfriend and my favorite night spot in Oakland.
    We go to shows here regularly upstairs and Doug always gets great acts to come.
    Once you walk into the place the vintage decor and mini living room setups make you feel right at home if you're looking for a cozy place to sit and socialize.
    The DJs are always on point and play the best music but don't go in here expecting top 40 because that just isn't going to happen.
    You can tell its just not a top 40 music kind of place.
    If you want to hear music you have never heard before or something that will bring you back to time in your life when you had a funky hair cut then this is the spot for you.
    The crowd always gets into the music and so does the staff.
    The bar is always making great drinks and have good recommendations.
    Doug is just the coolest guy most personable guy ever.
    He came up and spoke to me and my girlfriend while we dancing at the Brothertiger show and he even danced with us.
    We shared stories and hung out.
    He took us over to the bar and walked behind it to get us drinks and my face went .
    "Are you allowed to do that?" I said and he goes "Yeah.
    I own the Nightlight".
    The rest is history.
    All in all if your a Oakland local or an out of towner anyone can enjoy the awesomeness that is the Nightlight.
    Take all your friends here and introduce yourself to the kind gentleman who is their bouncer because he will remember your face.
    Go here if youre looking for a good time with drinks music and good people.
   At risk of perpetuating gender binaries, I'm going to go out on a limb and call this a man bar.
    Something I, even as a woman, crave from time to time.
    What makes this a man bar, you say? Well, for starters, the clusters of stately brown leather chairs and sofas that look like they've been stolen from the library of an estate.
    Sitting in these chairs makes you yearn for a pipe and scotch on the rocks.
    Then there's the flocked wallpaper, exposed old-timey lighting, and the portraits of nudes languorously hanging from the walls.
    What makes this place awesome is definitely the decor, but there's also a nice variety of liquors and friendly service.
    I'd recommend stopping by on a Sunday when it's not too packed to get a seat.
   Fantastic cocktails.
   Friendly and knowledgeable staff.
     And I love the decor.
   I am only speaking for the bar downstairs as I have never been to the upstairs venue.
   My little old lady heart went aflutter: Edison bulbs over the bar, velvet wallpaper, furniture with feet!  A bar tender with a Dali-meets-Cowboy mustache!! II ordered a whiskey ginger, and he sprinkled a little Worcestershire sauce on top--yum!! The doorman with a bulletproof vest was a teensy unnerving, especially after he clarified he just wore it because he'd been "shot at too many times.
   " All in all, a really fun, adorable bar.
   Went here recently for happy hour.
    what can I say? I'm a fan.
      Love the decor.
     On the day I visited, there were DJs playing good music downstairs, but the volume was kept to a reasonable level so you could still talk to your friends.
    something I appreciate.
     My cocktails were fantastic, and you could tell the bartender takes pride in his work.
     Seriously, some of the best cocktails I've had in ages.
     "I'll be back.
   ".
   Aptly named and well-positioned, the latest addition to Broadway's booming West End is definitely lighting up the night.
   From the stately facade with the carnival-esque lights and Wild Wild West signage to the warm glow of a slew of crystal chandeliers and wall sconces, The Night Light is beaming the modern-urban-oasis-meets-sexed-up-saloon vibe.
   With vintage details abound, like the cash registers, the lush, leather club chairs, the bordello-esque wallpaper and boudoir paintings, the distinct crackle of vinyl over the Hi-Fi, and their own version of Miss Kitty (Miss Megan) behind the bar slingin' high-octane drinks, it's like a step back in time that is right ON time.
   Makes sense coming from the former owners of The Ivy Room in Albany and Kitty's in Emeryville.
    It's not their first trip to the rodeo, they do seem to know a thing or two about attracting and keeping a hip and loyal clientele.
   Works out great for us Oaklanders.
    Now the Uptown Crawl merges with the Downtown Crawl with other great haunts like The Trappist, Beer Revolution, Tamarindo and Haven and the Oaktown party don't stop.
   Freaking awesome.
    The amount of work that these boys put into making this fantastic shows.
    Way to make Oakland even more awesome!! Can't wait to come here when they put the sexy ladies on the wall and when their music venue opens- just freaking awesome!!.
   Not too crowded for a Friday! Good drinks! Good DJ spinnin old school jams.
    Will definitely go back for a relaxed night out with friends.
   This place is amazing.
     I highly recommend for great music, vibes, and drinks!.
   I have been here 2 times now, both were really good experiences.
     We went for happy hour, I was thrilled at the whiskey selections! Tons of different types and a really interesting drink menu.
    The bartenders were both really nice and helpful and the interior is really nice.
   Pretty cool place (ground floor speaking since I didn't get a chance to go upstairs), it definitely gets loud when the music is playing.
     Bartenders are nice and the bouncer is friendly too.
     Comfy chairs and spinning bar stools and prices are reasonable.
     Lots of street parking but may have to drive around the block one or two times.
   This is really the only reason I go out after dark.
    Which, granted, still doesn't happen as often as it should - there are regular awesome shows here featuring a bevy of great local garage bands upstairs, and some excellent DJs downstairs.
    The decor is kind of stunning, the drinks are solid, the staff is a fantastic group of people.
    Usually I'm wary of places that separate the stage/venue from the bar because there can be a weird dis-congruity between crowds, but it works pretty well here.
    Even when there's a less-than-obvious show/DJ match up (like the psych-garage show with old-school hip-hop DJ night that'll pop up now and then) it still manages to feel comfortable moving back and forth, unlike the middle-school-dance complex many of these places can get (opposite sides of the room, *maybe* one or two brave souls crossing over to dance).
   And in terms of service, yeah, it's a bar, sometimes you don't get your drink immediately.
    But I'd rather be spending my Saturday night with good company and good drinks and good tunes than plop down somewhere where the bartender has nothing to do but sit in front of me and pour my bevvies.
    If I'm just looking to get drunk quick I'll stay home.
   Pro-tip: regular Monday-night stand-up downstairs.
   Pro-tip 2: AC Transit late-night free shuttle b/t downtown &amp; JLS.
   Pro-tip 3: Nations next door is open until 1, but no late-night breakfast.
   The hubs and I stopped in for an after dinner drink.
    I've did some research on yelp about this place and thought that this bar had a pretty cool vibe based on the interior pictures.
    The decor is pretty neat with a speak easy feel.
    Old leather wingbacked chairs and dark ornate wallpaper and wood paneling gives you the feeling that this is the type of place to enjoy a good stiff drink.
    As much as it looked old-fashioned inside, it's really eclectic in that they have live music and a DJ table.
    This probably is a great venue for bands to play because there's a lot of room.
    We went early on a Friday evening so I'm sure this place probably gets really busy later on, but it was kind of weird thinking that the speakeasy ambiance of this joint would soon be filled with hip/hop or rock music.
   but that may be part of it's eclectic charm.
    I would imagine that this place wouldn't be a great place to have a convo with a group of friends late at night due to the music they play, but probably for a happy hour style outing, this would be a good spot to sit and have a few cocktails.
    Although we really liked the ambiance of this place, the cocktails were ok.
    Their list of house cocktails looked really great and the couple that we ordered were good, but compared to some other bars that we frequent, they didn't blow us away.
    Overall, It's a nice looking bar that's probably great for seeing a band or listening/dancing to music while having some drinks.
   but if you're looking for a quieter lounge type atmosphere with a bigger selection of drinks there are probably other bars in Oakland that would cater to that better.
   This review is based on a happy hour visit and a Saturday night visit.
   Aesthetically, Night Light harkens back to the 1920s.
    The interior features a nicely finished wooden bar, and the alcohol is housed on brightly illuminated wooden shelving that frames a large mirror.
    There are a number of bar stools for patrons looking to gaze at the alcohol (or themselves) while imbibing, yet not so many that you feel you're rubbing shoulders with the stranger next to you.
    The rest of the surprisingly ample interior space comprises of a collection of comfortable (p)leather armchairs, loveseats, and side tables, all smartly arranged to accommodate smaller and larger groups.
    The walls are wood paneled above a 1920s era wallpaper style, and an attractive chandelier and a couple of other ceiling lights dimly light the space.
    All in all, it's an attractive, relaxing interior space.
   Night Light seems to be going for the small-batch, artisanal alcohol program, much like the other newer bars over in the Uptown area.
    The cocktail menu was solid, but no more interesting than the various other artisanal cocktail menus that are popping up like wildflowers.
    I ordered a drink off the cocktail menu (the name of which escapes me), and it was quite tasty yet unbalanced; the smokiness of the single-malt scotch overpowered the other ingredients.
    Either way, it was good enough that I ordered a second.
    I also had a decent Manhattan.
    Drink prices (cocktails ranged from $8 - $10) were very fair for a bar of this caliber.
    They also had some beers on tap.
   The service was very good.
    My bartender was attentive and very friendly.
    I observed him trying to serve people in a first-come, first-served fashion, which I always appreciate.
    A second bartender also seemed to have the right idea - she appeared friendly and efficient.
   Bottom Line: Night Light is a solid newcomer in an increasingly crowded and competitive field.
    While not without many merits, the drinks were not exceptional and (for me) it's a tad off the beaten path.
    While I will definitely return and have already recommended Night Light to several people, it's not among the "best" bars Oakland has to offer.
    Four Stars.
   Decided to give NL a second chance and what better time than around my birthday!  This time around was definitely better.
    Service was exceptional at this speak easy bar.
     They now accept all major credit cards.
    The music was a great mixture of hip hop, old school, and other great classics.
     The crowd was mixed which is perfect especially in the east bay and last but not least  the mixologist were definitely on point because the drinks are oh so tasty as well as  quiet a bit of a selection of drinks to choose from the menu.
    They do accommodate seating for larger parties and their is no cover which is a major plus!!  I could see myself being a regular at this establishment! Keep up the good work Doug and staff thank you I'll be back very soon.
   P.
   S.
    I cant think of the drink that the bartender made me it was something like Butterfly something, but that definitely should be put on the regular menu! DELICIOUS!!!! Try to order it next time you are there!.
   Bring Hiko a McRib and it'll be all good.
   great drinks, awesome atmosphere!.
   I just happen to be walking in the neighborhood doing some business with  a friend  and we just happened to stumbled upon this new whiskey bar.
    I was told about it just days before, because some friends were going around showing pictures and talking about this new spot that was just about to open.
    So, as we walk closer to the doors, just my luck it just happen to be open a.
    Before entering my buddy and I were greeted by the main architect who crafted the gorgeous bar that sits insides, he told "yeah we're open go on inside", so go on inside is what we did.
    I must say I was taken by surprise, it was a beautiful place.
    I can tell a lot of work has gone into this place.
    I remember what it used to be and it looks nothing like it.
    It has somewhat of a new beginning a new birth.
    We sat order a beer and quickly introduced to the owners.
     They were super cool and the service was great.
    We spoke about the selection of various whiskeys they had and we even sampled one, I must say it was pretty good.
     They were also very supportive of other local business and were advocates of bringing local business to the bar.
    To make a long story short, I wish The Night Light nothing but success and I see it becoming a staple in the newly renovated Downtown/Uptown/Jack London Oakland area  as a top place to go and visit.
    Cheers!.
   Went on opening night and was impressed.
     No frills, just good old cocktails and beer with a casual crowd.
     Priced similar to other comparable Oak bars,  imagine drinks will be served quicker once the bartenders are up to speed.
     I'll definitely be back!.
   Good drinks, good tunes, and good decor.
    The owners are nice folks and so are the rest of the staff.
    This is exactly the type of place I'd like to live next to and I'd love to see it stick around for a very long time.
    Just add a foot rail at the bar and it's perfect.
   Way to go in the Big "O" !  So refreshing to see the lively crowd and the friendly faces.
     From the Good natured Front door security, to the beautiful "bartend-ress", right on over to the DJ, spinning the vinyl, old school funk style.
     The atmosphere is part bordello, part disco, and all fun.
     They have spared no expense restoring this place and I loved every nuance from the beautiful Walnut wood bar,  the velvet and leather  embossed wall paper, the glitzy chandeliers, granite and tile in the uber clean bathrooms (it's a bar right?).
     By far and away the greatest addition to this neighborhood in many years.
     Stop by and say hi to the owners Oakland Johhny and Dougie Doug, thanks to them we have a new excuse to hit the town again.
     Can't wait to go back !.
   Had a fantastic time at the Night Light last night.
    My drink, the Old Smokey, was an awesome scotch drink that lingered on my tastebuds into the next day (which was a good thing)! If you're a gin drinker, the MT.
    Tamalpais gin is second to none! Great group of customers, and attitude-free bartenders.
    The music was a fantastic mix of soul, hip-hop and obscure jazzy remixes.
    5 big stars for the DJ as well! This is the Oakland bar scene I'm talking about.
   Really cool atmosphere.
    I absolutely LOVED the music selection.
    Could've turned the music down  a little (it was a little distorted).
    Drinks were great, well priced.
    Friendly bar staff.
    I'd recommend to friends.
   Definitely a dive.
    Terrible DJ.
    And I don't just mean that they didn't play my kind of music.
   I mean that the music was all over the place: just when the dancing got started, the music would shift to something totally undance-able.
    But on the upside, it's easy to find.
    And there's a lot of seating, which I loved.
   The Night Light was quite the surprise discovery.
    I met up with some friends for a birthday celebration on Friday night that kicked off at Plank in Jack London Square.
    After finishing up a game of bowling, we were in need of a new bar for the rest of the evening.
    Luckily one of my friends knew about about The Night Light, so we made the short walk over.
    I was expecting a mediocre dive spot when we first entered, but my first impressions were corrected in short order.
   There is apparently an upstairs area that is used for concerts but we stayed in downstairs area.
    With regard to the downstairs portion of the place, there is a bar with stools that runs the length of the place, some more comfy seats along the opposite wall, and a DJ booth and small dance floor at the far end.
    I thought I was going to bumping into people all night long, but to my pleasant surprise, everyone was extremely chill and there was plenty of space on the dancefloor despite a healthy crowd.
    The DJ played a great mix of hip hop throughout the night.
    Ignoring an initial failed attempt at making an Old Fashioned, the rest of the cocktails for the evening were well-made and tasty.
    The drinks were also reasonably priced (3 for $24 before tip).
   If in the Jack London Square area and looking for a good place to dance and grab a drink, definitely checkout The Night Light.
   The Night Light might look divey from the outside, but the downstairs portion is great for large groups, has a lively, fun vibe on weekend nights, and offers decently priced drinks that pack quite a punch.
    The upstairs portion often hosts live acts for a modest cover.
   As with many Oakland establishments, it's the clientele that really makes things, and, true to Oakland's reputation, the crowds here are diverse and friendly.
    Worth a visit either for chilling out downstairs or checking out a live act upstairs.
   Oh, hello white people of Oakland.
    Are we cramping your 'style'? Oops.
    Concerning when a bar experiences an influx of a color unbeknownst to them and makes it completely obvious.
    Thank you, we hardly noticed.
   On the intro act, the power went out 3 times.
    I missed most of the headline act b/c i had to catch the last BART train.
    They couldn't hire an electrician to check the system first.
    :(.
   I come here mostly for The Hanging Garden nights, which I might add are now TWO FLOORS of all my favorite classic goth, new wave and synthpop (read: dance club!)  Highly recommend going early it does get packed but you will have fun and get sweaty!.
   My friend and I were in the bay area for the weekend.
    We were walking down Washington St and heard Michael Jackson playing, so we went in!Super fun night! Very chill and laid back, cheap drinks, great DJ and good times.
    Everyone who was there just wanted to have a good time.
    The bouncer was funny and inviting.
    If you're in the area, go and have fun!.
   The Night Light is a perfectly serviceable little bar, upstairs over another bar.
     There's not much to the venue, it's just one room and fairly small, but it's got that dive bar vibe that I like so much.
    The decor, the velvet wallpaper, and the dim lighting all give it a casually-classy speakeasy look.
    The staff and bartender were all friendly, we got our drinks quickly and the cost (for cover and drinks) was reasonable.
    The only issue I had was that the small venue size didn't really work with the event I went to.
    The venue atmosphere worked perfectly for the theme of the event, but there was barely enough standing room for the large crowd, let alone for the swing dancing they were advertising for the event.
    But that was more on the event organizers and not on the bar itself.
    Night Light seems like my kind of bar, a nice dark hidey hole to drink away a few hours with your friends.
    If I lived nearby, I could totally see myself being a regular at the Night Light.
   Came in here to kill some time to eat some sushi next door and ended up staying here longer than usual because of the great service and awesome vibes.
   JOHNNY is the man.
    He greets you as you come in, asks you what drink your in the mood for, let's you know what he has in stock, and makes the drink for you with great taste.
   The man even remembers my name and checks up on me to see how I'm doing .
    from the bar (as I'm seated from across the room)! Love this guy!Johnnyyyyy, you're the man, keep doin what you're doin.
   Loved the bartenders! They took shots of patron with me, little expensive, 10$ per shot but cool people.
    Laid back grungy hipster vibe.
    Music was loud and I felt at home.
   Went to The Night Light to a benefit show for a musician that was slain recently in Oakland.
    The venue seemed really small at first but it was a great night.
    No comments on the drinks or restroom since all I drank was water ( I was the DD) and never had to use the restroom.
    Just beware where you park!! I was lucky enough to end up in the parking garage and we found out that one of the bands vans was broken into before the show even started.
   It was a cool place to chill out after our job's X-Mas party.
     The dj had good music and I kinda forgot I was in Oakland.
   Cool ass people in there!.
   What a gem we found last night! Casual ambiance, no cover, great dj! Photobooth inside but it costs $5.
    Bartenders were nice and didn't have a poor attitude.
    The DJ was playing all the 90 hitters which brought us back.
    We were singing along and dancing.
    If this DJ plays every Saturday night, I wouldn't mind coming back.
   Cool place, great drinks, fantastic staff, and friendly environment.
    Will definitely be back.
   Fun place that I've hit a few times while going to concerts in Oakland.
     After about 5pm they have a DJ in the corner of this dark and leathery place.
     Good music, happy people, good drinks!Mixology is emphasized here with many artisan style cocktails at fair prices.
   I'll be back!.
   The Night Light is the worlds best bar.
    Epic vibe, good drink, truly a solid place to turn up.
    I left my card on the counter not knowing and one of the bar tenders ran it out to me.
    I think his name was Jason or Charles, either way.
    I will be back, but this time I'm bringing my Vape.
   Definitely my favorite bar in Oakland.
    Perfect for some casual after work drinks or weekend partying.
    The bald white dude (Jason I think?) makes the best margarita I've ever had.
    You're missing out if you're not drinking at The Night Light.
   I like this place well enough, but not my favorite place in Jack London Square.
    Last Friday is a good place to be and happy hour price is reasonable.
   Awe, My absolute favorite spot to go in JLS for an after dinner drink and dancing.
    They always have a DJ on the weekends.
    The photo booth is all kinds of fun.
    Cozy couches everywhere in the dark atmosphere.
    The bar area and staff is nice.
    Prices aren't too bad for JLS.
    Looking forward to being back soon.
   This bar seems like it has good vibe and a classy demeanor.
    BUT, the bad apple spoils the bunch.
    I got my change stolen by the bar tender Charles twice! The second time while I was calling him out for such a petty theft.
    His words exactly, "My bar, my money".
    I had good reason to file a report with the BBB.
    Lucky for Night Light owners I was talked down by the superior bar tender Casey.
    Casey not only made me feel comfortable, but returned my stolen change, and insured me Charles would no longer be our server.
    I honestly feel bad for Casey because he has to share his tips with Charles.
    I feel even worse for Charles because he did not even realize he had spoiled his bed enough to offer an apology.
    Customer service is not for everyone but when drugs, alcohol, and ego are in the mix things can become dangerous.
    I had a terrible experience but I would go back if I saw a hot enough girl in there, and poor Charles had been relieved of the stress of a front of house position.
   It's cool bar.
     Those kids who seem to complain, go back to the city.
     Many of us like it just the way it is.
    Chill music, chill staff, chill regulars.
   Great little bar that had Anchor Christmas ale on tap, nudie paintings in ornate frames, and a couple of cool Sunday night DJs that spun some goth and industrial tunes--yes, vinyl.
    Fun times.
   I read so many great reviews about this place I had to check it out.
     Reviews do not lie.
    The place is casual, relaxed, friendly.
    Awesome bartenders and DJ plays excellent music.
    Everyone there seemed to be having a good time.
    Highly recommended if you are from out of town or if you are a local.
   So.
    much.
    whiskey.
    Definitely more than I've ever seen in a dive bar - though I guess this is slightly above that, but not quite one of those pretentious mixology places yet.
    The bartenders are friendly, and took care of everyone, even though they were slammed on a Friday night.
    They checked back in with us regularly, and chatted with us to recommend different scotches.
    They know their stuff, but they don't rub it in your face.
   It seemed like the upstairs bar through the other entrance was for dancing, and downstairs is for drinking.
    Wish they did have a dance floor though, because they were playing great music.
    I'm adding the Night Light to my usual list (The Layover, Bar 355) for the perfect trifecta of bars in Oakland.
   I don't remember much about this place, except that I came after striking out at the other bars nearby.
    It seemed cute (and dark) inside and the drinks were fine (male bartender was super nice and didn't look down on me for getting 'beginner's drinks').
    What I REALLY remember was back to back fantastic 80's songs (along the lines of Fleetwood Mac) and having a great time.
    More people should go and get a better crowd assembled!.
   The Night Light is a quaint lil' spot in Oakland (conveniently across a Dominos).
    The inside is reminiscent of a speakeasy; red walls adorn the room with low lighting and black accents.
    I would say that this spot should admit about 25 people only to allow for ample space, but that's a guestimation on my part.
    Bands play a little too loud for this venue and I would say jazz acoustic music would be preferable (decibel-level wise).
    Overall, a-ok :).
   This place has upstairs and downstairs, both with bars, both accept cards, and both have good service.
     Upstairs also has a stage where they have live music, and the sound quality is surprisingly good.
     Parking is not difficult at night, it is easy to get to and from the freeway, and the cover of $5.
   00 is totally worth it.
     NOTE: The cover only is applicable to upstairs for live music, downstairs has none.
   This place reminds me of those timeswhen you are hanging on the front porch.
   Drinking with your friends.
   Having another one.
   And the fun never ends.
   Or as a kid when you are hanging in the alley.
   Drinking with your friends.
   Having another one.
   The fun never ends.
   Or when you are hanging out at Fest.
   Drinking with your friends.
   Having a great timeand the fun never endsAnd then that timeI was at the Night Light hangin' with Titograbbing some drinks and the fun never seemed to end.
   Until we were going down Broadway to grab him some cigsRho and Dottie show up for a good timebut so do the pigsSo we go back inside the Night Light for another drinkAnd the fun never ends.
   This spot turns out good drinks and seems to cater to a more mature (30s and 40s) clientele, at least on a recent Thursday evening.
    It can get loud, but hey, it's a music venue too.
   Cool and unpretentious pub near Jack London Square.
    They have a good selection of interesting cocktails made with some organic ingredients.
    The decor is Spartan leather and the music is loud, though offering a groovy mix, especially when a live DJ is present.
    The space has the feel of being a warehouse with some furniture and a bar, but it works.
   This place is classy, sexy, hip and overall amazing.
   Will always be my place to go when I need a drink and good company.
    Love you guys, keep rocking it.
   The Night Light (b/w Nation"s &amp; souley vegan) has been resurrected as a sensual drinking hole with brown tones, brown woods and stylish nudes on the woods.
   a relaxed mood is enhanced by the easy listening r &amp; b music.
    space isn't that big.
    you beat the rush by going to happy hours, every day, 4-8-well drinks(4)-draft beers (4?)-specialty drinks ($1 off)drink: gin &amp; tonic (4)-heavy pour, 1 1/2 oz gin, i hearlady from the sea (9)-rum, cane sugar, and ?just a sweet drink.
   on draught-6 micros on draft-bill, the bartender ,is cool, laid back.
   Night light, my you do shine bright! Tucked between Ginza and Nations on Broadway, not too far from Beer Rev and Souley Vegan, It's a stone's throw away from many favorite things.
    Five stars alone for the fact there's another stellar drinking establishment close to my favorite toasty crispy burger.
    For me, Night Light screams, "Ladies, drop your man off at boyfriend daycare (Beer Rev) and come grab a yummy nautical themed cocktail with your girlfriends!" Not to say that boyfriend didn't like it, nono, he did.
    But sometimes, dare I say, it's just not a beer night.
    And sometimes, after said delicious toasty crispy, I'd really enjoy a cocktail.
    The Night Light is brand new.
    Yup, mm that new paint twinge is still there.
    The interior is cush and luxurious.
    Dimly lit with lots of leather seating, it begs the question, is there a nautical wench waiting for a suitor upstairs? It struck me that the design is eerily similar to 355.
    The space, however, is much more open and conducive to lounging.
    I enjoyed the sound they had going.
    Boyfriend and I just stopped in for a quick cocktail on our way home.
    I tried and loved the Wild and Free.
    Boyfriend enjoyed his high on Rye.
    Both were 8 bucks each.
    Didn't break the bank although I wouldn't call it exactly cheap.
    They don't accept credit cards which is a little annoying but nothing we couldn't figure out.
    Night light, I hope you are here to stay.
    Especially if your co-owner Doug was serious about his promise of unlimited free drinks :).
   The owner doug really cares about this place.
    Although I didn't have the best experience here, I am willing to give it another try because doug really takes his work seriously.
   Had a few cocktails to celebrate by birthday after having dinner in the area.
    I was very surprised that this was here.
    I really enjoyed my drink and the furniture was nice.
    The decor makes this spot feel trendy.
    There are mostly dark colors and darker woods used in the decor.
    I also like the wallpaper and it was fuzzy.
    I only wish there was a little more ventilation, it was one hot summer night plus drinks was making it like HOT.
    This is a great spot.
   Really fun place that is off the beaten path of Oakland bars and is always a good stop after Merchant's or Beer Revolution.
    Lucy and Dougie keep the place going great.
     The happy hour prices are awesome.
     For some reason, the bar upstairs is run like a separate entity so each drink costs more so remember to order downstairs.
     Your drink will still be scientifically poured into the jigger and not an extra drop.
   The neighborhood already has some amazing beer spots (Trappist and Beer Revolution), so it's about time a cocktail destination opened.
   I sampled 3 or 4 of the house cocktails and all were great, nice atmosphere and service.
     Predictably quiet on a Tuesday around happy hour, so I hope that things pick up closer to the weekend.
     These guys deserve a crowd.
   Cash only right now, but there is an ATM on site.
   Part divey, part mixology, and full blown hipster.
     If any of those three appeal to you, definitely stop by for a drink at least.
     The venue is really small, but breathes character.
     Everyone from the owner, bartenders, and doorman treats you like a customer.
     Service is fantastic, and they often come socialize with you on less busy nights to make sure everything is up to par.
     This gives me hope that neighborhood divey places that serve mean cocktails are still around.
     You won't hear the "UNCE UNCE UNCE" of EDM or top 40 here.
     Instead you'll find ambient lighting and lounge rock playing.
     Awesome place to catch up with old friends.
     Drinks are definitely stiff.
   Wait staff is not pretentious at all.
   PROTIP:  They make an absolutely mean old fashioned.
     Their whiskey selection is definitely not shabby either.
   Night Light is a great addition to the neighborhood.
    It's a chill, unpretentious bar with a besuited doorman, good bartenders, good drinks, and really good music.
   I haven't gone to any shows yet.
   Classy! Lots of comfortable furniture and space (at least, there was on a weeknight).
    My bartender was kinda daffy but I wasn't in a hurry.
   Saw a show upstairs and really loved it -- the bartender up there was great, the lady at the door danced along, everyone was super nice and nobody was pretentious even though there's a big shelf full of rye.
   My group of friends and I (Oaklanders!) were stoked to check this place out on opening night.
     We got there at 8:30, so it wasn't that late into the evening when we showed up.
   The doorman was awesome.
     He was seriously the best thing about the night!  He gets 5 stars.
   The space looks really nice - the outside arches and fairy lights, the fuzzy interior wallpaper.
     That's 4 stars.
     Probably the worst thing about the experience was -- when we met the doorman, we were like "Man! This place is going to be awesome!"  We had really high expectations for what this place was going to be like.
     Plus, our group of friends loves really hard on the Oakland bar scene, and JLS, and were hopeful that there would be a reason to head this way a little more often.
   However, it was really disappointing in the sense that I, and I think most of my friends, really feel no reason to go back here.
     Hence, the 2 stars - "meh.
    i've experienced better.
   "The cocktails on the menu were good tasting (if they had been mixed properly), and similar prices as other bars we love (Chop Bar in JLS, Van Kleef, Make Westing, Layover, etc).
     So that was fine.
   But the service?  The bartender I got a drink from was okay.
     Only problem was that their first cocktail on the menu, the "Old Smokey" (something like that) was already unable to be made due to lack of ingredients.
     Okay, so it's opening night and they're learning, but wouldn't you want to have a lot of the stuff on hand for your headlining cocktail?My drink was okay, but it wasn't mixed up at all, just everything layered, so it got kinda gross cuz I couldn't stir it and so had to drink up all the sweet stuff first, then when I could stir it, it was unbalanced.
   One friend reported that his bartender was actually really mean to him.
     She was repeatedly shouting prices at people (in a not friendly manner, not in an "it's loud in here" manner).
     Also, for other drinks our friends got, the prices seemed to range wildly for the same drink - between $6-9 for the same drink within our group of friends.
   Later, when a friend returned to buy a drink for himself and his partner, he was told by a bartender that he couldn't order a cocktail.
     Even though cocktails are on the menu and the other bartender was making them.
   To be fair, they were probably just understaffed and overwhelmed.
     There seemed to be only two main bartenders, and one third who was partially making drinks and partially running around.
     But why go somewhere to get such disappointing service? You'd think that you'd want to pull out all the stops on opening night, or at least just be prepared with enough staff and ingredients.
     Or if you're not prepared, be friendly and gracious about it - smile maybe?  Most Oaklanders are understanding about shortages of drinks and staff, but not about being treated poorly.
     I'd give this place another chance (based on the doorman alone, actually) to hopefully make some positive changes after a crappy friday night opening.
    They're supposed to also have shows, which I'd go to check out.
    However, there are so many better options that have their stuff together in Oakland, so I'm not in a hurry to go back.
   To illustrate why not, a couple Fridays ago, same group of friends ended up at Van Kleef and the owner was walking around passing out several rounds of complimentary tomatoes with vinegar/sea salt to everyone in the bar.
     And it wasn't a special occasion.
     And there were a lot of people in the bar.
   There's a reason I prefer to stay in Oakland to go out and skip San Francisco, and unfortunately, the Night Light isn't quite there, yet.
     Let's hope they get it together.
   They have velvet wallpaper, leather man chairs and, at least when we were there, a propensity to lure people into many drinks followed by a late night Hulu marathon of Soul Train when you return home, maybe a bit drunk.
    In case you were unaware this entire scenario goes well with whiskey.
    Yes, they have whiskey and they know how to make it into delightful cocktails.
    All of this on their second night.
    Yes, I am looking forward to more of this good in the neighborhood.
   This place is great.
    Always good tunes spinning.
    Really good happy hour.
    Friendly bartenders.
    Great for after work.
   This is literally my girlfriend and my favorite night spot in Oakland.
    We go to shows here regularly upstairs and Doug always gets great acts to come.
    Once you walk into the place the vintage decor and mini living room setups make you feel right at home if you're looking for a cozy place to sit and socialize.
    The DJs are always on point and play the best music but don't go in here expecting top 40 because that just isn't going to happen.
    You can tell its just not a top 40 music kind of place.
    If you want to hear music you have never heard before or something that will bring you back to time in your life when you had a funky hair cut then this is the spot for you.
    The crowd always gets into the music and so does the staff.
    The bar is always making great drinks and have good recommendations.
    Doug is just the coolest guy most personable guy ever.
    He came up and spoke to me and my girlfriend while we dancing at the Brothertiger show and he even danced with us.
    We shared stories and hung out.
    He took us over to the bar and walked behind it to get us drinks and my face went .
    "Are you allowed to do that?" I said and he goes "Yeah.
    I own the Nightlight".
    The rest is history.
    All in all if your a Oakland local or an out of towner anyone can enjoy the awesomeness that is the Nightlight.
    Take all your friends here and introduce yourself to the kind gentleman who is their bouncer because he will remember your face.
    Go here if youre looking for a good time with drinks music and good people.
   At risk of perpetuating gender binaries, I'm going to go out on a limb and call this a man bar.
    Something I, even as a woman, crave from time to time.
    What makes this a man bar, you say? Well, for starters, the clusters of stately brown leather chairs and sofas that look like they've been stolen from the library of an estate.
    Sitting in these chairs makes you yearn for a pipe and scotch on the rocks.
    Then there's the flocked wallpaper, exposed old-timey lighting, and the portraits of nudes languorously hanging from the walls.
    What makes this place awesome is definitely the decor, but there's also a nice variety of liquors and friendly service.
    I'd recommend stopping by on a Sunday when it's not too packed to get a seat.
   Fantastic cocktails.
   Friendly and knowledgeable staff.
     And I love the decor.
   I am only speaking for the bar downstairs as I have never been to the upstairs venue.
   My little old lady heart went aflutter: Edison bulbs over the bar, velvet wallpaper, furniture with feet!  A bar tender with a Dali-meets-Cowboy mustache!! II ordered a whiskey ginger, and he sprinkled a little Worcestershire sauce on top--yum!! The doorman with a bulletproof vest was a teensy unnerving, especially after he clarified he just wore it because he'd been "shot at too many times.
   " All in all, a really fun, adorable bar.
   Went here recently for happy hour.
    what can I say? I'm a fan.
      Love the decor.
     On the day I visited, there were DJs playing good music downstairs, but the volume was kept to a reasonable level so you could still talk to your friends.
    something I appreciate.
     My cocktails were fantastic, and you could tell the bartender takes pride in his work.
     Seriously, some of the best cocktails I've had in ages.
     "I'll be back.
   ".
   Aptly named and well-positioned, the latest addition to Broadway's booming West End is definitely lighting up the night.
   From the stately facade with the carnival-esque lights and Wild Wild West signage to the warm glow of a slew of crystal chandeliers and wall sconces, The Night Light is beaming the modern-urban-oasis-meets-sexed-up-saloon vibe.
   With vintage details abound, like the cash registers, the lush, leather club chairs, the bordello-esque wallpaper and boudoir paintings, the distinct crackle of vinyl over the Hi-Fi, and their own version of Miss Kitty (Miss Megan) behind the bar slingin' high-octane drinks, it's like a step back in time that is right ON time.
   Makes sense coming from the former owners of The Ivy Room in Albany and Kitty's in Emeryville.
    It's not their first trip to the rodeo, they do seem to know a thing or two about attracting and keeping a hip and loyal clientele.
   Works out great for us Oaklanders.
    Now the Uptown Crawl merges with the Downtown Crawl with other great haunts like The Trappist, Beer Revolution, Tamarindo and Haven and the Oaktown party don't stop.
   Freaking awesome.
    The amount of work that these boys put into making this fantastic shows.
    Way to make Oakland even more awesome!! Can't wait to come here when they put the sexy ladies on the wall and when their music venue opens- just freaking awesome!!.
   Not too crowded for a Friday! Good drinks! Good DJ spinnin old school jams.
    Will definitely go back for a relaxed night out with friends.
   This place is amazing.
     I highly recommend for great music, vibes, and drinks!.
   I have been here 2 times now, both were really good experiences.
     We went for happy hour, I was thrilled at the whiskey selections! Tons of different types and a really interesting drink menu.
    The bartenders were both really nice and helpful and the interior is really nice.
   Pretty cool place (ground floor speaking since I didn't get a chance to go upstairs), it definitely gets loud when the music is playing.
     Bartenders are nice and the bouncer is friendly too.
     Comfy chairs and spinning bar stools and prices are reasonable.
     Lots of street parking but may have to drive around the block one or two times.
   This is really the only reason I go out after dark.
    Which, granted, still doesn't happen as often as it should - there are regular awesome shows here featuring a bevy of great local garage bands upstairs, and some excellent DJs downstairs.
    The decor is kind of stunning, the drinks are solid, the staff is a fantastic group of people.
    Usually I'm wary of places that separate the stage/venue from the bar because there can be a weird dis-congruity between crowds, but it works pretty well here.
    Even when there's a less-than-obvious show/DJ match up (like the psych-garage show with old-school hip-hop DJ night that'll pop up now and then) it still manages to feel comfortable moving back and forth, unlike the middle-school-dance complex many of these places can get (opposite sides of the room, *maybe* one or two brave souls crossing over to dance).
   And in terms of service, yeah, it's a bar, sometimes you don't get your drink immediately.
    But I'd rather be spending my Saturday night with good company and good drinks and good tunes than plop down somewhere where the bartender has nothing to do but sit in front of me and pour my bevvies.
    If I'm just looking to get drunk quick I'll stay home.
   Pro-tip: regular Monday-night stand-up downstairs.
   Pro-tip 2: AC Transit late-night free shuttle b/t downtown &amp; JLS.
   Pro-tip 3: Nations next door is open until 1, but no late-night breakfast.
   The hubs and I stopped in for an after dinner drink.
    I've did some research on yelp about this place and thought that this bar had a pretty cool vibe based on the interior pictures.
    The decor is pretty neat with a speak easy feel.
    Old leather wingbacked chairs and dark ornate wallpaper and wood paneling gives you the feeling that this is the type of place to enjoy a good stiff drink.
    As much as it looked old-fashioned inside, it's really eclectic in that they have live music and a DJ table.
    This probably is a great venue for bands to play because there's a lot of room.
    We went early on a Friday evening so I'm sure this place probably gets really busy later on, but it was kind of weird thinking that the speakeasy ambiance of this joint would soon be filled with hip/hop or rock music.
   but that may be part of it's eclectic charm.
    I would imagine that this place wouldn't be a great place to have a convo with a group of friends late at night due to the music they play, but probably for a happy hour style outing, this would be a good spot to sit and have a few cocktails.
    Although we really liked the ambiance of this place, the cocktails were ok.
    Their list of house cocktails looked really great and the couple that we ordered were good, but compared to some other bars that we frequent, they didn't blow us away.
    Overall, It's a nice looking bar that's probably great for seeing a band or listening/dancing to music while having some drinks.
   but if you're looking for a quieter lounge type atmosphere with a bigger selection of drinks there are probably other bars in Oakland that would cater to that better.
   This review is based on a happy hour visit and a Saturday night visit.
   Aesthetically, Night Light harkens back to the 1920s.
    The interior features a nicely finished wooden bar, and the alcohol is housed on brightly illuminated wooden shelving that frames a large mirror.
    There are a number of bar stools for patrons looking to gaze at the alcohol (or themselves) while imbibing, yet not so many that you feel you're rubbing shoulders with the stranger next to you.
    The rest of the surprisingly ample interior space comprises of a collection of comfortable (p)leather armchairs, loveseats, and side tables, all smartly arranged to accommodate smaller and larger groups.
    The walls are wood paneled above a 1920s era wallpaper style, and an attractive chandelier and a couple of other ceiling lights dimly light the space.
    All in all, it's an attractive, relaxing interior space.
   Night Light seems to be going for the small-batch, artisanal alcohol program, much like the other newer bars over in the Uptown area.
    The cocktail menu was solid, but no more interesting than the various other artisanal cocktail menus that are popping up like wildflowers.
    I ordered a drink off the cocktail menu (the name of which escapes me), and it was quite tasty yet unbalanced; the smokiness of the single-malt scotch overpowered the other ingredients.
    Either way, it was good enough that I ordered a second.
    I also had a decent Manhattan.
    Drink prices (cocktails ranged from $8 - $10) were very fair for a bar of this caliber.
    They also had some beers on tap.
   The service was very good.
    My bartender was attentive and very friendly.
    I observed him trying to serve people in a first-come, first-served fashion, which I always appreciate.
    A second bartender also seemed to have the right idea - she appeared friendly and efficient.
   Bottom Line: Night Light is a solid newcomer in an increasingly crowded and competitive field.
    While not without many merits, the drinks were not exceptional and (for me) it's a tad off the beaten path.
    While I will definitely return and have already recommended Night Light to several people, it's not among the "best" bars Oakland has to offer.
    Four Stars.
   Decided to give NL a second chance and what better time than around my birthday!  This time around was definitely better.
    Service was exceptional at this speak easy bar.
     They now accept all major credit cards.
    The music was a great mixture of hip hop, old school, and other great classics.
     The crowd was mixed which is perfect especially in the east bay and last but not least  the mixologist were definitely on point because the drinks are oh so tasty as well as  quiet a bit of a selection of drinks to choose from the menu.
    They do accommodate seating for larger parties and their is no cover which is a major plus!!  I could see myself being a regular at this establishment! Keep up the good work Doug and staff thank you I'll be back very soon.
   P.
   S.
    I cant think of the drink that the bartender made me it was something like Butterfly something, but that definitely should be put on the regular menu! DELICIOUS!!!! Try to order it next time you are there!.
   Bring Hiko a McRib and it'll be all good.
   great drinks, awesome atmosphere!.
   I just happen to be walking in the neighborhood doing some business with  a friend  and we just happened to stumbled upon this new whiskey bar.
    I was told about it just days before, because some friends were going around showing pictures and talking about this new spot that was just about to open.
    So, as we walk closer to the doors, just my luck it just happen to be open a.
    Before entering my buddy and I were greeted by the main architect who crafted the gorgeous bar that sits insides, he told "yeah we're open go on inside", so go on inside is what we did.
    I must say I was taken by surprise, it was a beautiful place.
    I can tell a lot of work has gone into this place.
    I remember what it used to be and it looks nothing like it.
    It has somewhat of a new beginning a new birth.
    We sat order a beer and quickly introduced to the owners.
     They were super cool and the service was great.
    We spoke about the selection of various whiskeys they had and we even sampled one, I must say it was pretty good.
     They were also very supportive of other local business and were advocates of bringing local business to the bar.
    To make a long story short, I wish The Night Light nothing but success and I see it becoming a staple in the newly renovated Downtown/Uptown/Jack London Oakland area  as a top place to go and visit.
    Cheers!.
   Went on opening night and was impressed.
     No frills, just good old cocktails and beer with a casual crowd.
     Priced similar to other comparable Oak bars,  imagine drinks will be served quicker once the bartenders are up to speed.
     I'll definitely be back!.
   Good drinks, good tunes, and good decor.
    The owners are nice folks and so are the rest of the staff.
    This is exactly the type of place I'd like to live next to and I'd love to see it stick around for a very long time.
    Just add a foot rail at the bar and it's perfect.
   Way to go in the Big "O" !  So refreshing to see the lively crowd and the friendly faces.
     From the Good natured Front door security, to the beautiful "bartend-ress", right on over to the DJ, spinning the vinyl, old school funk style.
     The atmosphere is part bordello, part disco, and all fun.
     They have spared no expense restoring this place and I loved every nuance from the beautiful Walnut wood bar,  the velvet and leather  embossed wall paper, the glitzy chandeliers, granite and tile in the uber clean bathrooms (it's a bar right?).
     By far and away the greatest addition to this neighborhood in many years.
     Stop by and say hi to the owners Oakland Johhny and Dougie Doug, thanks to them we have a new excuse to hit the town again.
     Can't wait to go back !.
   Had a fantastic time at the Night Light last night.
    My drink, the Old Smokey, was an awesome scotch drink that lingered on my tastebuds into the next day (which was a good thing)! If you're a gin drinker, the MT.
    Tamalpais gin is second to none! Great group of customers, and attitude-free bartenders.
    The music was a fantastic mix of soul, hip-hop and obscure jazzy remixes.
    5 big stars for the DJ as well! This is the Oakland bar scene I'm talking about.
   Great dive bar with outdoor seating area - which is not a common thing in the Bay Area.
    Simple, straightforward drinks.
    As with all dive bars, the bathrooms are not that clean, but you know, deal with it.
    Also, there was a not-totally-stable seeming lady who was yelling at women in the restroom to get out of the toilet faster.
    The outdoor seating area is really nice with some full trees for shade during the afternoons.
    Also, they seem cool with letting you bring in outside food and there is a cuban place, pizza place and burger place adjacent to the H&amp;D Saloon.
   I would give this place zero stars and the Abusive Bartender badge if I could, after witnessing some rather horrific and disturbing behavior from a male bartender on a female customer that was 100% unacceptable.
     Been going here for years, but after seeing that, never going back again.
     Scary.
   Don't go to this bar unless you wish to be attacked by a bartender.
    One of the bartenders first ignored me, then when I asked for a beer, started screaming profanities at me and then actually put his hands on me and started pushing me around.
    I can only imagine that if I had resisted him shoving me around, he would've quickly escalated to striking me, since none of this was provoked in any way.
    I will never go back there again, even though I've been going there since they opened.
    My friends are all boycotting this place because of this asshole, too.
   Once a biker bar, now more hipster but the drinks are decent and the prices very reasonable.
    Nice outdoor patio.
    Only downside is everyone smokes.
    Oh.
    and cash only (although they have an atm)!.
   The majority of the people at this bar have been nothing but gracious and courteous to me.
    They've allowed me to bring in my dog, and it has been fine.
    Tonight, a bartender on duty, someone that I had met on other visits, was in rare form.
    He was discourteous.
    He was argumentative.
    He was mean.
    I think he was belligerently drunk.
    I have been a bartender and have managed bars and restaurants.
    You can check my yelp history and how often I have written Yelp reviews.
    Almost never.
    If interested, you can ask me which restaurants or bars I've managed.
    This sucked writing down one of my own, and I've never written a negative review of another bar before.
    It was simply the most offensively I've ever been treated in any bar or restaurant, ever, before or after working in the industry.
   I stopped by for the Prince tribute last week.
     Got there fairly early, just before 5pm.
    The CASH ONLY sign at the bar was an unpleasant surprise, and the ATM in the bar is one of those I just don't trust.
    Its connection seemed spotty too, as a number of people had issues with errors all in a row.
     I ended up borrowing cash from a friend rather than risk it.
    Decent crowd; not packed and not empty.
     The backyard was actually the fuller part because the weather was nice.
     My friends and I tried a couple of the drink specials which were Prince themed (either raspberry or purple, it seemed).
     Nothing too incredible, but we enjoyed them nonetheless.
     It's a dive bar, not a cocktail lounge.
     If you approach with that spirit, you'll have fun.
   CASH ONLY (only downside, besides the parking meters which are ridiculously expensive).
    $17 pitcher of Racer 5.
    Great back patio.
    I'll be back next time I'm in the area.
   Two words: dive bar.
   Personally, I'm a fan of the idea of dive bars.
    I mean, who doesn't love cheap drinks? I know that I do.
    Especially living in the Bay Area, anything that can keep some money in my pockets makes me pretty happy.
   Cash.
    Only.
    Ouch.
    I'm not someone who carries cash.
    That makes it so I drink less at places like this.
    It also has limited space inside.
    I tend to run cool, so I like to be inside which can be rough when it's busy.
   There's a pool table which is frequently occupied.
    I'm no pool shark but I enjoy putting my terrible physics and geometry skills to use.
   especially under the influence.
    It's always a good idea.
   So three stars.
    It's close and easy to get to but nothing super fancy or spectacular, over the top service.
    It's a dive bar so yeah.
   expect that.
   Dive bars are more my style.
     This spot has some real charm.
     Awesome outdoor patio and smoking lounge.
    All sorts of characters, friendly fast bartenders, cool decor, and just that nice fun weirdo vibe.
     Cash only!.
   like yelp said "Meh.
   I've experienced better.
   " I just don't feel safe or welcomed going into that place I will say the redeeming factor are the cute dogs just hanging out around their owners.
   Jumped to my Top 5 favorite Bars I've ever been to.
   Punk Bar with Pinball and great outside seating! Hell yeah! Service was good, prices were fair, and jukebox selection was On Point!.
   This place seemed a little too much for my style when I first saw it from the outside (as it looks like your average hard core dive bar, often with motorcycle groups hanging around out front).
    However I found it actually quite nice once I ventured inside.
    The area I like best is the back patio, which has a nice beer garden feel.
    I came here during the day but j can imagine it being a very poppin' place at night--it seems like a fun place to have drinks with friends.
    Will come back again at night.
   Cool place with a typical dive-bar vibe.
    Cash only so be prepared - I almost wasn't! Outside was probably my favorite - a fair amount of seating, and they allow dogs.
    The problem is that most dogs have owners, and some of those owners haven't trained their dog how to interact with other dogs.
   Good drinks, bottled beer is probably the best bet.
   it would be better with music at the Patio.
   And gentrification is complete.
     What used to be a laid back blues spot is now patronized by Hells Angels, never thought I  would see that at Lake Merritt.
     Gentrification : game, set, match.
   It's good straight to the point bar.
    I like to drink and they like to pour them, for a fee, of coarse.
    It's my regular waterhole for the past 5 yrs or so.
    They let you bring in outside food and it's one of the few places around that has a private patio to enjoy the nice weather and friends when the time calls for it.
   Note: Be sure to hit an ATM because it's cash only.
   I love Heart and Dagger, yep it is a bar, but it is also the super sweet spot to shoot pool by my house, plus you can bring in your own food.
   awesome! I came to the stairs in the front of the establishment and I looked up at them thinking, "Wow, how am I going to do this with one foot?"  The bouncer, Gary, was really cool, he helped get me up there so I could have fun inside with all the other bipeds.
   lol.
   There is always such a cool crowd at this place, no matter what you like.
     The juke box offers some really great songs, the kind of songs that remind you of moments in your life that seemingly make you smile.
     I think last night I heard an old "Wham" song that lifted my mood.
    We watched a ton of Raider fans playing pool and basking in the glory of their win last night at the Battle of the Bay.
     While the football game put my friend in a bad mood, the Raider fans were happy---let them have this little moment, it is not very often it happens ;)We attempted to go out to the patio in the back, and the ramp down into that area was yet another challenge for my one footed self.
     But none to worry, there was a guy working at that back area too who helped me get around.
     I have visited this spot for several years and have always had a memorable time--whether those memories be awesome, weird, annoying, ridiculous or fun, etc.
   I always leave with a memory.
     Heart and Dagger is always on the crawl list for birthdays, and pretty much the "stand by" for any night.
     We can play pool or pinball, listen to music, watch pretty disturbing movies on the TV, hang out in the patio, or just sit inside.
     I am sure to run into friends from the neighborhood at any drop in, so that is always cool when I am out solo.
     Stephani Smiles for HND ;).
   Great place to have a beer and chill.
    The outdoor patio is fantastic.
    I'd give it 5 stars, but occasionally the clientele can get a little.
    roudy.
    And not in a good way.
   The un-dive bar.
    I used to like this place, but the clientele is all highbrow now.
    I never liked that it was cash only, but I still love the jukebox.
    The last time I was there the skinny bearded doorman kept shouting across the bar to the bartender which was super annoying.
    I was unimpressed with his need for attention.
    Maybe early in the day this place is better but when it's crowded, nah.
    I was particularly amused by the weather-denying girl in the tank top showing off her tattoos as everyone else in the bar was in a coat and scarf because it was freezing outside and they had all of the doors open.
    Maybe in 1992 that would be impressive, but in 2016 you are one of many.
    Put your coat on, sweety.
    You'll catch your death.
   Terrible bar with terrible staff.
    Rude door people causing fights with new patrons, and that was before anyone had a chance to order a drink.
    Not sure how a business with such terrible customer service stays in business.
    I wouldn't come back here again if you paid me!!.
   Let me just say, I've been here only a handful of times.
     I don't come here enough.
   It reminds me of some of my favorite dives when I lived in the City, just wish I lived within walking distance ;)Great roadhouse atmosphere inside, and a chill backyard area.
   Awesome place to come any day of week.
    They pool tables and arcade games.
    Cold beer on tab and bottled with a place to drink outside.
    Mediocre pricing but they aren't shy on their pours.
   This is my go to dive bar in Oakland.
    Super chill vibe, mostly locals, and cool kids.
    There's a pool table, juke box and tables outside where you can bring the dogs, pizza and a board game.
   what's not to like??Drinks are decent enough, I recommend sticking to beer, racer 5 on tap.
   people seem to like the bloody Mary's and mimosa are perfect pre or post brunch.
    Love this place.
   I've been here late at night and have had a completely different experience than now.
    Today, we arrived at the bar closer to sunset and hung out on the patio with my $3 beer.
    The ambiance and other patrons were really mellow and enjoyable.
    It's cheap, so that is a plus.
    The bartender, however, seemed to enjoy taking out her life's disappointments on the customers.
    I would've rather served myself.
    It won't keep me from returning, just yet.
   My favorite bar in Oakland.
    They play great rock and roll inside, and the beer garden is a fantastic place to spend an afternoon, or play cards late into the night.
    There's tons of food in the neighborhood that you can bring in, and they're dog friendly.
    The pool scene is competitive and the table is better than average for a 'dive' bar (which the Dagger barely qualifies as).
    There's a great mix of people from East Bay Rats to local yuppies to SF expat hipsters and everyone gets along.
    It gets crowded but not too crowded.
   Just don't sit at the end of the bar by the men's bathroom -- you'll only smell urinal cakes all night.
    Unless you're into that I guess.
   All hail the Duke! It was by the gracious invitation of His Majesty himself that the girlfriend &amp; I came to Heart &amp; Dagger Saloon.
    &amp; what a lovely Dukedom it is.
   The Heart &amp; Dagger is sort of a dive bar, sort of.
    It's too well-lit inside to really be a total dive.
    It's divey in a hipster-ish kind of way.
    But the hipster to real people ratio isn't too high, so it's still cool.
   Full bar, impressive booze selection, nice cocktails, decent brews on tap, great Happy Hour deals, pinball/ video games &amp; pool table inside, dog-friendly patio out back, &amp; motorcycle parking right in front off the street.
    It's all good.
   We had a chill time time sipping a few drinks (but only a few, it's cash only here, I had loads of plastic but not a whole lotta green on me) &amp; watching Markus' reign of terror on the pool table.
    Until, at last, he was narrowly defeated by a very pretty young lady.
    Who says chivalry is dead?Heart &amp; Dagger Saloon.
    I like it.
    I'll have to return as often as possible to see the Duke, his fair Dukedom &amp; any other shenanigans afoot.
   Made my way over to oakland to meet up some friends at this sweet lil spot.
    Surrounded by plenty of parking and food it was a nice change up from SF.
    It is a cash only bar some come prepared.
    Full bar with some good beer on tap, and one dude holding down the fort on a saturday night.
    ( he was wicked fast).
    Outside is a sweet lil patio for a awesome place to relax and chat( bench seating) and the fresh air was great.
    The prices for drinks were right on, and no overly pricey with some good pours.
   Cheap drinks, outdoor space, punk rock music -- YES.
   You can smoke.
    Here.
    And drink.
    A nice well whisky and a good pour.
    Cash only.
    They check ID very professionally.
    The people who work there are people, not hipster asshats or attitudinal testosteronies.
    i like it, if you can tell.
    Ahhhhhh.
   I can see this place is going to be my favorite bar in East Bay.
   -Great bartender, totally personable and cool.
   -Cool door guy, huge laugh!-Great patio, the likes of which are hard to find around here.
   -Giant Lemons.
   -Good mix of all types at the bar, everyone in a good mood.
   -Drinks were reasonably priced and poured strong.
   -It' close to my house.
   Basically everything needed in a bar that's going to be seeing a lot of this face.
   This place definitely has the dive bar feel to it.
     I'm sure this is a good local hang out.
     What really appeals to me about this places is the outside area in the back.
     There are plenty of tables to sit at.
     Great place to go with some friends to relax with a beer and chat.
      Although it does get busy and filled up so no guarantee you will get a table.
    This is a casual grungy type scene so jeans and causal attire is the standard.
     I like the location and the vibe here though--super chill and relaxed.
     There are a couple pool tables inside as well inside.
     I'd definitely go back for a beer.
   "Oh, he's very popular Ed.
    The sportos, the motorheads, geeks, sluts, bloods, wastoids, dweebies, dickheads - they all adore him.
    They think he's a righteous dude.
   "-- from "Ferris Bueller's Day Off"A visit to Heart &amp; Dagger often reminds me of these words.
    As watering holes go, it may not be for every body, but it has a strikingly wide array of fans.
    And for us fans, it holds a piece of our hearts.
    The vibe is casual (read: 'divey'), distinctly Oakland, with a wild undercurrent befitting a David Lynch film.
    A biker bar only 'modestly' gentrified by neo-Oaklandites/wannabees/over-incomed geeks, to which I confess a partial complicity.
     The playground segments into roughly three arenas:  (1) Bar area, where the bees get their honey -- and the barkeeps, both efficient and commanding, do a great job keeping the drones and workers happy.
    Beer specials and shots of liquor are an excellent value, especially during HH, when my lovely Bulliet Manhattans are especially generous.
    (2) Patio, definitely favored by the dog-partnered and smoking clientele, and seems to collect the more regular patrons.
    Gossip is overheard, smiles are witnessed, wafting cigarette smoke is inhaled.
    Water from two giant ThermosTM coolers is free and easily accessed for both two and four-legged visitors back here.
   And then there is (3), the pool table.
     Where I learned, thanks to tutelage from billiards Maestro M and a few tips from other regulars, to now actually almost *not* suck at pool-playing.
     Back to (3) in a bit.
    For the bar en masse though: at its heart of gold though does push the tip of its dagger, as visits here have not always been a feel-good utopian experience.
    I've seen people verbally insulted or kicked out for debatable reasons by the staff (actually mostly just one staff member, whose shifts are minimal); heard obnoxious comments by drunk and/or loud bigots; spied sketchy characters sporting knives in their back pocket, and witnessed a few "lively" disagreements over 8-ball.
    Admittedly, H&amp;D is an onion with many layers, and not all those layers are pretty.
     The trifling edginess is in reality as much an allure as a downer, and a metaphor and microcosm of our world and city and a reminder that good or bad you're still a part of it so why not be a positive part or at the very least learn how to deal with it? In reality, I don't wax all philosophic like that when I visit here.
    Which brings us back to (3):  I do, truly, enjoy the regular pool players, and the competition and camaraderie I'm fortunate to have shared.
     I'm a square peg for several reasons in H&amp;D, but the bonding with other such pegs or non-pegs is the reason I love to visit.
    And on those visits, I get to practice my shot, nurse my bourbon, and inhale the simple sideways joys that life has to offer.
   Can one sum up H&amp;D in a single catchphrase?  "All for one, one for all, just watch your wallet and drink.
   " "You don't have to be a biker to come, but it don't hurt if you are one.
   " "A bar of inimitable substance and a multitude of substances.
   " Nah .
    screw that.
    Heart and Dagger defies an easy Yelp review description.
    And I'm guessing they like it that way.
    Just be chill, be respectful, be unorthodox, be free, and be yourself.
    It's not to be analyzed.
    Just enjoyed.
   If you like dive bars without the meth mouth, Sons of Anarchy watching patrons, Heart and Dagger will sit very well with you.
    (It's kind of not really even a dive bar, shh)They *are* cash only.
    There is an ATM with a $2.
   25 fee, but you get that back fast because their drinks are so stinkin' cheap-- and strong!There is a pool table room and (the best part), an amazing outdoor patio that is friendly to your cigarette smoking buds.
    It's kind of the perfect place to be on a summer night.
    Heart &amp; Dagger is a solid go-to bar in Oakland.
    Come here once &amp; you'll likely become a regular.
   one of my favorite places! cheap drinks, good people, a big back patio that is open late.
    Home made beef jerky, aweful/good movies playing and dog friendly.
    also hosted by some of the best bartenders/doormen you'll meet.
    Oh, almost forgot.
    they have three pinball machines (including walking dead) and a decent pooltable with a good/honest rotation of players.
   Love heart and dagger.
    My go to spot when I need a very laid back, wind down, kind of day.
   I drink too much.
     I came to that realization, drunk, during a disappointing pizza experience (why the fuck my bf drove us all the way to oakland for pizza who knows?)   What to do at 11pm on weeknight, drunk, concerned about how you will pay for Betty Ford and in Oakland?Heart and Dagger saloon.
   Sure, my boyfriend tells me he loves pizza more than me.
    Get me drink.
   Thank the Lord in Heaven he volunteered to DD.
   As Kevin B.
    mentioned, if the Zeitgeist is too far of a hoof to get to, then H and D will do.
     The back yard is pretty big and decked with communal tables for both large and small group outings.
     We arrived armed with IDs out (although no one, but NO ONE in my party looked even remotely underage) and was met with friendly banter from the door man no.
    1.
     At one point I couldn't find my friends--not like the place is really that big, so I blame jet-lag for my confusion--and went back out onto the street to look for them.
     Door man no.
    2 had all the charm of a TSA agent upon my re-entry not 2 minutes later.
     Maybe he thought I was some a-hole ABC cop trying to pull a fast one on him?  I wish the US could just lighten up a bit on ID checking, but I get why they can't.
     Anyway, this place is an interesting replacement for The Serenader, if, however, not in keeping with the vibe of that which existed for decades in this very spot.
     -a place where bitchin' BBQ reigned in the backyard and my white face was a minority.
   Great dive bar to drink at on a hot summer afternoon - The big back patio is usually bustling, but not too crowded to get a seat at a table (usually).
     Good beer selection, good service, good prices.
     Ive seen people set up picnics on the patio tables so it's pretty cool that they let you do that.
    Great place to hang out.
   Me likes.
     Outdoor patio.
     Everyone smokes.
     Everyone has a dog.
     Clean restrooms.
     Cash only.
     Good music.
     Pool table and PIN BALL!  Don't try to bring chicken wings from Hot wings with bones.
     Wilkie will not let you in.
     The dogs are very important.
   I was Chilling at the Slab when I get a Text from my Yelp Minister of Fun John Z to join the Posse at H&amp;D Saloon.
    So I jumped into my Whip Black Beauty and rolled to Oak town .
    I grabbed a parking spot right across the street.
     Tip 1 no parking lot just street parking.
   So I roll in and see John Z and Markus dominating the Pool Table.
    Anne Marie shooting Deer in the Arcade.
    Home Sweet Home.
    Yelp Posse in full effect.
   Nice Big Bar ,Friendly Bartenders ,LCD TVs for Entertainment and a Cool Back Patio for Summer Nights or Days.
   A wide selection of Beers and a cool retro Juke box adds to the Charm of H&amp;D Saloon.
   Great meeting Spot or a Friendly game of Pool H&amp;D is the place to be.
   Tip 2 They allow outside food in.
   This place is great.
    2$ canned beer and really nice bartenders.
    If you are looking to meet up with a group of friends this place has a really big patio with plenty of space.
    Also it is cash only, so be ready for that.
    Loved coming here and will be back.
   This is a neat, inexpensive, kind of gnarly bar in downtown Oakland.
    Definitely worth popping in! Don't mind the aggressive music and cool/weird stuff on the TV.
   Value for Money: 4 StarsCustomer Service: 4 StarsAmbience: 2 Stars (markdown for hipsters!)Location: 4 Stars.
   Heart and Dagger Saloon appeals to my mysterious and cheap side.
    everyday prices are cheap, HH is a bit cheaper.
   lots of entertainment options: pool table, pinball machines, video machines, juke box, flat screens.
    drink: gin &amp; tonic(4)-pretty strongguinness black lager(4)just so-soon draught:-happy hours(m-f, 4-7), $3 drafts, 3.
   5 wells -voted by bar 2011,  east bay express-voted best jukebox in bar 2011, east bay express-patio seating in rear-free parking under freeway after 6.
   -fast.
    smiling service-prepared to be carded-pizza, burger, wing food options nearby.
    .
   -many patrons wear leather and tats.
    clientele on the edge of heavy metal.
   This bar has a genuine rock 'n' roll atmosphere.
   Ah such a gem.
    My friend took me here to play pool about a month ago and now I go about once a week.
    There is usually rock music playing and something weird on the TV.
    However, If there is a game on then it will be on the TVs.
    They have pool and a couple of arcade games like pinball and buck hunter.
    They have an awesome outside patio with a bunch of picnic tables.
     You can take drinks outside and people can smoke out there too.
   You can bring your dog! There are usually at least two dogs in the place which is so awesome.
    CASH ONLY, but they have an ATM.
   No food, but there are food places next door and you can bring food in.
    Love this place.
   Well, my Yelp buddy Max has been going here for a while, and given that it's a six-minute walk from my house, I really have no excuse for not getting here sooner.
    Anyway, I've seen the light! This place is great.
    Pool tables are so rare here in NorCal! And a patio!And this place is right next to the parking are under the 580!.
   Decent prices, nice patio when it's warm outside.
   They allow dogs which is a plus.
   Good spot to hang low.
   It's a saloon.
   My head hurts, and it has nothing to do with what I drank last night.
     Water; I should start learning to drink more water.
     But what's a poor girl to do when a bar insists on serving her most favourite whiskey at such amazing prices??Heart &amp; Dagger - For years, I'd walked by this place too afraid of my own shadow to venture inside.
     Then one day, I came across a photo someone took of the outside and discovered that they kicked it up a few dozen notches on their curbside appeal.
     Then, The C.
    made me meet him here before showtime.
     Who knew that it would become a small trend?I now can proudly say that I overcame my misguided fears and have found a sweet little spot on the ever changing face of Lakeshore Ave to call home.
     This bar is perfect in its divey-ness, has a huge patio for perfect summer evenings, a nice little pool table that only costs $1 a game, and has an awesome jukebox that plays Flogging Molly and David Bowie!  Plus, the prices on the drinks are super inexpensive, and the bartenders are more than kindly souls that'll make you think of Cheers.
   You, too, should overcome your fears and check this place out.
     I feel myself lucky to have been introduced.
   Always fun.
   dive bar with a great crowd!!! Cash only FYI.
    Dog friendly which is cool and outside private patio.
   great place!!!.
   This establishment is hateful.
    I have never been treated so rudely.
    I bought one drink and tried to take a picture on my 21st birthday and the customers and employees were malicious in a creepy way.
    There was no wrong doing on my part, and yet my friend and I were assaulted by the bouncer and he tried to kick my friend.
    All we wanted to do was take a picture which we were told was okay, but the customers sitting around the mural were egotistical.
    Instead of the bouncer helping us get a picture he told us to take, he was on the side of the rude customer.
    We just wanted to have a good time but that's obviously not possible there.
    They were nothing but a bunch of creepy douche bags.
    Good luck at this bar.
    I would give this place 0 stars, if I could.
   When Zeitgeist is just too far away.
   The Heart &amp; Dagger Saloon wins on the name alone, but on a sunny day after a picnic on Lake Merritt, it's a great place to relax with friends.
    Like Zeitgeist across the bay, it's got a biker motif and strong beer on tap, along with a popular backyard for catching up with friends.
    This place also has pool tables and a well-stocked jukebox (also like Zeitgeist), so it's better designed for long stays instead of a quick drink, and the crowd gets friendlier as the afternoon goes on.
    If you're having a thirsty afternoon in the East Bay, quench here.
   Sooo ran to Heart and Dagger for a drink.
    After a long day.
    Stood there while the ex zz top member bartender serves about 5 people that came in after I did.
    he finally notices my 6'5 dude .
    And I "wave" to motion "over here" .
    Since I'm paying.
   He emulates my wave .
   extra dramatic then begins to reprimand me tell me to never wave at him again or he will just ignore me .
    I said well I just waved cause you asked the guy I'm with what he wanted and I'm buying sooo.
   He said NO SERIOUSLY I DONT CARE.
   I wish I had a drink in my hand so I could throw it on him.
   FUCK THAT PLACE.
    And especially THAT BARTENDER .
   I miss places where black people were allowed and treated with the same respect as the transplants .
   He felt completely justified coming at the ONLY black couple in the bar like that.
    Maybe I'm sensitive but really FUCK THAT PLACE.
    May it burn to the ground and be resurrected as the serenader again .
   One word for this establishment.
    RACIST.
    We are professional, well educated, LATINO couple in our 40's, born &amp; raised in SF and have lived in Lake Merritt for 10 years.
    We decided to have a beer on a Saturday night.
    The tattooed, black haired female bartender took our orders, delivered our beers.
   then THREW OUR CHANGE at us, for no apparent reason.
    Then the heavy set tattooed bartender says KICK ROCKS.
    For those of you who are not familiar with this term.
    Urban Dictionary definition: F*** OFF or GET OUTTA HERE.
    Shocked and utterly disgusted people like this exist in OAKLAND? REALLY? Thought we were imaging this, but Nope.
    Just read all the HIDDEN reviews, exactly the same.
    Bottom line.
    If you're brown or black.
    Don't bother.
    THIS ESTABLISHMENT TREATS MINORITIES LIKE GARBAGE.
   Still the most awesomest bar in town!Don't go with attitude and you won't get none, epic back patio and cheap drinks.
    Better like friendly dogs, if not don't bother.
    This is a super dog lovin' joint, if you fear them stay away and don't complain about them being there.
   consider yourself warned.
   Props to Suzy, Allison and Eric.
   damn the whole crew over there makes my day.
    Just pour me a strong drink, talk like a dirty sailor and I'm yours!A Quality, respectful stand up business.
   all haters can walk the plank!!!xoxo!.
   Great bar to play pool and just meet new people.
    Very pet friendly and easy going great jukebox music and a spacious outdoor seating area.
   pretty hipster bar a great improvement from the old bar it use to be.
   She suggested we meet at this bar in Oakland.
    I heard about it before and without context imagined it to be a seedy dive bar.
    I arrived first and sat at the bar.
    The bartender was nice, the drinks were very reasonable.
    My beer wasn't as cold as I would have liked.
    The crowd was definitely a varied mix of people.
    I walked around, and checked out the back patio.
    Then decided, this is cool place.
    My date showed up we had a few drinks.
     The bartender randomly brought us a couple of free drinks to taste.
    One thing led to another and we left together.
    (It must have been the Funky Cold Medina)I would definitely like to come back and recommend this bar.
   This is the only bar I like in my hood the bartenders actually remember who you are and always treat you friendly regardless of how busy they are.
    The mixed drinks are always good and the beers is always nice and cold.
     I always love when summer is around because it's fun to see what the guest keg will be.
    The music is always great and the movies they play on the background are always entertaining.
   Nice vibe and cool place to grab a beer and play a few games on a Friday night.
    They have a giant outdoor patio with tons of tables in the back and lots of arcade games and a pool table inside.
    It was kind of crowded when we went, so it took a while to find a seat and we didn't end up staying long enough to play pool but I would be down to come back and play a few rounds.
   Enjoy being able to sit out back and enjoy the beers.
    Friendly staff is always a plus.
   Soft opening tonight.
     Big Daddy on draft.
     Free Lanesplitter pizza.
     Great friends and deep conversation.
     If I didn't have a 10 month at home, I might find myself here MUCH more often.
     Wish you were there Ben.
    :(On the way out I saw local newsletter wordsmith Ken Katz.
     He was enjoying a Negra Modelo and surveying the territory.
     He asked me what I thought and said he looked forward to my Yelp review.
     This one is for you Ken!  Keep up the good confabulation.
     See you in the hood.
   If you like Lucky 13 or Lost Weekend in Alameda, you will love Heart and Dagger Saloon.
     Check 'er out!.
   One star for every sip of beer before my dog and I got booted.
   She was barking at another dog.
    Which I get is annoying and cause for concern.
    But she was only barking because she was leashed, and wanted to go greet the other dog.
    And she was only leashed because within a minute of walking in I was told I had to leash her.
    Which would have been fine and fair except that no other dogs were leashed.
    Which puts my girl in a weird situation where everyone else is meeting and greeting and she's tied down in a corner.
     Hence the barking.
    I kind of wanted to point all this out at the time, but it's been my experience that nothing good comes from arguing with bouncers, so we left.
    Which sucks! For the 3 minutes we were there it seemed like a cool little dive.
    We live around the corner, and I was hoping this could be our end up after walks around the lake.
   I've been there a few times and now I live a few blocks behind it so I'll be there a few times more.
   Trumer and a burger from next door.
   Kwik Way is theshit andthis place is lucky to be next door.
   It's a fine bar.
    Decent.
   Dog central park today in the back.
   But I got a burger and a beer,so nocomplaints.
   This place is cool if you are a trite, predictable cliché of a hipster / fauxpunk.
    If you like waiting 20 minutes for mediocre service and a can of PBR at 500% mark-up, please come on down to Heart and Dagger!Idiots are more than welcome to enjoy pretending at rebellion while leaning on broken, unusable pin ball machines.
   Don't forget that we offer a special discount if you are one of those girls with no particular talent and so you take your clothing off on stage assuming that means you're a burlesque dancer.
    Please hold your next "desperate for mom's attention" meeting here and get a free pitcher of horse piss! I mean Tecate!.
   I used to like this place!  What the crap happened?  The bartender wasn't just rude, it was some whole other level of maximum hatred!  Did she think I was someone else?  Someone who had stolen her husband, killed her dog, and burned down her house?  Because that's what it felt like.
     Damn.
   After eventually getting a beer, we head over to play the pinball machines and they are in such a sorry state as to basically be a total ripoff.
     Heart and Dagger, I can take a hint.
     You don't want me to come there and spend my money, so I shant.
   Okay, I admit I was only in here for 15 minutes, meeting friends before seeing a movie at the Grand Lake Theatre.
     However, for a dive bar it's not really divey at all.
    Yes, it's dark and has pool tables.
    But everyone is really nice and the place is clean and not skeazy.
    Not only that but there's a great back patio.
    There's lots of bike parking out front and they don't mind if you lock up onto the railing either.
    The bouncer didn't give me any grief about running in then out, parking my bike right next to the front door (I asked if it was okay) and then leaving again without actually getting a drink.
    Definitely recommended as a nice neighborhood bar.
    Drinks are inexpensive and stiff .
   Cash only is a  bit irritating.
   Only one toilet Plenty of seating outside .
   I felt comfortable here and I think that it was because everyone was so friendly and engaging.
    I should remember to visit that side of the lake for a more often especially if I'm in the mood for mustaches, boys who ride bikes , tattoos and a slick comb over, oh wait.
   that is like.
    all day , everyday.
    Welp, alrighty then.
   LOVE this bar!  It's charmingly divey, without being disgusting.
   unlike this one bar I went to recently who's name I will not mention where patrons just dropped trou' and urinated all over the bloody patio - sorry, but that's just nasty.
    I digress.
    H&amp;D's bartenders are hella' friendly and they pour heavy.
     Seriously, I can typically hold my booze pretty well and one $10 pint-glass-sized-long-island had me buzzing preeetty hard.
     There's a pool table that's almost always occupied by friendly people who are happy to work you into the rotation, puppies! (yes, puppies.
    It's dog-friendly), a nice outdoor patio for the smokers, tasty food just next door, a jukebox, arcade games, and an ATM machine (they don't take cards).
     It's really nice to have this bar within walking distance of our house.
     It's by far the best neighborhood bar I've experienced yet.
   For saving my arse literally.
    And having clean facilites.
   I had  Trader's Joes and was loaded up with my bags when the urge hit to use the Bathroom like super bad like Damn I wish I had on a Diaper Bad like I might have to take a shit right here right now on the sidewalk and be on the bus hella shitty- like ( and deeply deeply ashamed).
    I dropped my bags and rushed into the Bar praying it would be friendly and not you-gotta buy-to shit.
    I was id checked ( I do look like a kid) and raced to the bathroom.
    Praying no body else would have to come in cause the bathroom was super tiny with one stall and no way to pretend the stink wasn't emerging from me.
   And there it goes a female patron enters just as I uh let go.
    Can't help but smell that!-Sigh- Oh well I am grateful it went down this way and not on the bus (feeling deeply deeply ashamed).
   Well made, quality drinks with a cool dive bar feel.
    There's pinball and pool which makes it great for bro-nights.
    The patrons are stylish and friendly.
    I really like the back patio area.
   This place is very cool.
     Great drinks and service.
     Next time I hope to get a spot on the über-cool patio.
     I can't remember the last time I had booze and played the video game Galaga (spelling?) Anyway, I had a great time and will definitely be back.
   This used to be the go-to bar for my friends and fellow Bay Area Derby girls.
    It was our hang out, we've given them a lot of business.
    But then today after a beautiful sunny day and a skate around the lake we decided to stop in for a drink.
    We looked on the outside for any sign about "no shoes, no service" but there wasn't one so we went in.
    Two of us had shoes, I did not.
    We proceeded to order our drinks.
    We saw a cute dog sitting on a bar stool and gave it some love.
    I got my beer and then a manager type abruptly told us we had to take our skates off, so we did.
    My friends and I grabbed our drinks and headed to the beer garden in the back (me in my socks).
    I took a few sips of my refreshing beer and Miss Cranky Pants told me that I must be wearing *shoes* or I have to leave.
    I did not have shoes so I got my money back from my beer and left the premises.
    It's too bad the woman was so prickly.
    The woman could've been much friendlier and more professional in her approach towards us but she treated the three of us with such disdain that it left us confused and surprised about her behavior.
    There was no sign posted about shoes in the front (only a sign about a 2 drink minimum).
   they allow dogs in the establishment and they allow people to smoke pot AND there is no handicap access to the establishment.
   but somehow stocking feet is not acceptable? Would they ban people in bare feet wearing flip-flops? The rules just seem a little off and we certainly didn't deserve the rude treatment.
    Me, my friends, and the Bay Area Derby girls will not be returning to the Heart &amp; Dagger.
   Proud to say this is my neighborhood bar! Love the atmosphere, puppy dogs and staff!.
   I don't usually review bars, but I loooooove Heart and Dagger! Beers are yummy, drinks are pretty good, but the best part is the patio.
    People bring their dogs back there, it's awesome!We'll usually come here and chill in the patio, maybe play some pin ball, then move to the next bar.
    We usually hit up Lanesplitter Pizza afterwords because it's so closeby.
    Delish.
   Bah! This bar has so much potential.
    Yes! Go on a sunday and get mimosas.
    Sit out in the patio, and enjoy your day.
    then go wander to the lake and stare at the hobo geese eating cigarette butts.
   Noooooo, don't go on a regular night.
    the shape of the place is sooo weird and awkward, either you're in the way of the pool table or standing by a pole in the front, squeezed by the bar, or freezing in the back patio slowly absorbing lung cancer.
    I asked for a gin and tonic and got soda and tonic.
    talk about the most extreme of a buzz kill.
     Soda is the hill billy cousin to city gal tonic.
    Also, just because this bar is called Heart &amp; Dagger doesn't mean you get to be a mean jerk.
   I repeat, get week-end day drinks here.
   Cool, neighborhood-y bar with a lovely back patio area, a friendly staff and a great selection of beers and booze.
   There's good affordable food nearby and the place is usually filled with friendly locals.
   I dig it!.
   So, my friend just moved to the bay area from good ol' NYC, and we decide to have a night out on the town, to welcome her to Oakland.
     Granted, we're both tired and lame after a week of work, so a night out on the town ends up consisting of one drink then home.
   HOWEVER.
   My one drink was a super cheap aged Jameson, and hers was a super cheap PBR tallboy.
     WELCOME TO OAKLAND.
   We met my friend there whose pet pug (I'm sorry, he's a service dog, for real) is a regular at the bar.
     Seriously, he sits on a bar stool.
     WELCOME TO OAKLAND.
   We headed out back where it was beautiful outside, despite being the end of October.
     WELCOME TO OAKLAND.
   On the back patio, my friend starts getting agitated.
     I don't know why.
     I realize it's because half the people here are not just smoking cigarettes, and where she's been living, that's still illegal.
     I mean, technically, it is here too, but really: WELCOME TO OAKLAND.
   Heart and Dagger is a great dive bar located near the historic Grand Lake Theater, conveniently nestled amongst other eateries and shops.
   - easy going vibe- back patio- outside food friendly (you can bring your own)- dog friendly-  fun (pinball, pool table, juke box)- be sure to bring photo ID - i.
   e.
    license, passport.
    State law requires that every patron have one (even if you look 21+) otherwise they get fined big time.
   - cash only (ATM on the premises).
   CASH ONLY! cool patio in the back and cool staff.
    nice local hang out.
    it's very low key and chill.
    i'd go back if i was in the area and it was happy hour.
   Went on a whim after a friend recommed the place to me.
   I had a great time.
    and too much to drink.
   lol.
    they ordered me a cab and someone offered to move my car for me since they had street sweeping early the next morning.
   what a nice thing to do.
   I would totally go back the vibe was pretty cool and the bartender was great.
   biker looking guy with a goatee.
   I'd like to give props but, I can't remember his name.
   Had a great time.
   Well, this was a fun night!  A little dive-y, dark, and grungy, but I live down the street and have always wanted to see inside!  I ended up getting a mimosa for 4$ (I think.
   ) which was pretty good.
     The back patio is pretty cool, but I couldn't stay long because it was beyond freezing the night I went.
     Also, do you think it might be a good idea to put lights outside?  Or, more lights outside?  I mean, its cool and all to sit and drink in the dark.
    but more fun to see the person you came with!  I really prefer the two seater RIGHT by the windows inside by the bar- so quaint and cozy!I read they once had a mechanical bull.
    am I wrong?  If they did, crowds would multiply, and I would be there every Sat!.
   Decent place, but the bartender could certainly have been less of a bitch.
   What other bar would explicitly say on their website that their mission is to have cheap drinks with no cover?Hey, Yelp stalkers (that are dwindling in numbers every day)! Want to stalk for reals? I'm here every Friday without fail because this bar is so freaking awesome.
    Though it's not on the ridiculously cheap Happy Hour special list ($3 drafts and well drinks), their Dirty Martinis are some of the best I've ever had (still at a super cheap price!).
   Do yourself a favor and get there early to snag a seat on the outdoor patio under the lemon tree.
    The Heart and Dagger has friendly service (I need not mention their predecessors), friendly patrons, and an all together relaxed and fun vibe.
    Cash only, and watch out.
    I'll probably steal your seat on the patio.
   Eek! Methinks not.
   That's exactly how I feel about this place, and the bartender helped out with that feeling.
     By the way this is no Zeitgeist!  That's like calling Taco Bell authentic Mexican.
     Anyway.
   Me and my lady walked in Sunday late evening around 7ish not packed but there was people.
     I thought the layout was nice, games are cool, and yes the Jukebox is the God of Heart and Dagger.
     Trust me if it weren't for that jukebox they might have got 1 star.
     Ordered tequila with club soda and a bloody mary for the first round.
     Hmmm I've had better and I wasn't feeling the bartenders dry attitude.
     It's not like I wanted her to do cart wheels but damn girl smile at least.
     We stepped outside to feel the vibe out there since there wasn't much of a vibe at the bar.
     Beautiful lemon tree, plenty of awkward seating, and a big bummer is you can't hear the music outside.
     We decided one more drink and depending on the bartenders attitude we would decide if we where going to stay or leave.
   Shot of Fernet please and one more tequila with club soda.
     I received what seemed like half a shot for 6 bucks and a half ass thanks.
     The guy next to me ordered a shot of Fernet too and it was beyond obvious his shot was double what was in my glass.
     Whatevs I finished my shot and left.
     You guys can all have this place cause it ain't fulfilling my drunk lover needs.
   From the outside, it looks like someone simply converted their quaint little house into a public bar.
    Inside is a bit more rock n roll, loud music and pool.
    $2 PBR tallies make pretty much any hole in the wall a worthwhile stop for a drink or two.
    The back patio is perfect for a summer evening but gets crowded fast as most of the room out there is taken by tables.
    Dog friendly despite not having the friendliest of dogs.
   You know what I like? Booze.
    You know what else I like? A bar that will give me said booze at a price that won't break my wallet (Ummmm, hello? Uptown? Your $8.
   00 Maker's shot can eat a bag of dicks.
   )This place is totally going to hit five stars soon.
    There are still a lot of small details that are getting worked out but you know what? The owners are hands on and working on them.
    I see them there almost every single night greeting people, talking to them about improvements.
    hell, I even saw one of them leave their guests they had come in with to help one of their bartenders who had gotten slammed and lost in the weeds.
   I've read the accusations of this place being racist and I just don't know what the hell you people are talking about.
    I can go on about it but giving it any more space than two sentences is giving credence to a line of bullshit that is just reDONKulous.
    There are few places in Oakland that I've found that allow me to feel comfortable with a wide array of friends.
    I can have this as my place to start the night, spend the night, or end the night.
    Oh - did I mention that Lanesplitters usually drops off pizza when they close? Yeah.
    free drunk food.
    All you one-star givers can join to Uptown on eating their bag of dicks.
   I knew I would like this place when this was on the juke box while I entered youtube.
   com/watch?v=BIvk… There was once a time when this place was the Serenader and that place scared the daylights out of me.
    The patrons would shout at me when I walked past and I figured that heckling/intimidating patrons with the potential to scare off customers and I totally wrote about it on Yelp and it was #$%&amp;ING FLAGGED AND REMOVED because I violated TOS.
    Well, ha, it took two years for them to pull it.
    And, well, ha, MICHELLE S.
    WILL NOT BE SILENCED! HAHAHAHA!Sorry.
   Anyway, some time ago, I reviewed Zietgiest and was so pissed that the patios seemed to be in SF rather than in the warmer climate of Oakland.
   Guess what! Enter Heart and Dagger Saloon! I finally stumbled in to check this place out yesterday afternoon (they open at noon or 1 pm on the weekends) and it was a very great anti-brunch and anti-farmer's market thing to do.
    The patrons are very talkative and approachable.
    The staff is super friendly and efficient.
    They have an impressive bourbon collection and two types of sangria.
    And, most importantly, a back patio.
   Now if the Oakland Tamale guy would stop doing the Telegraph bars and come here instead.
   Heart and Dagger.
    The name says it all.
    The best thing about this bar is they have cheap drinks and they have a back patio.
    I'm not a fan of going to bars where you can bring dogs.
    I'm from the super duper old school.
    Dogs should stay their little furry butts at home.
    As soon as i walked my fly butt out side to find a seat.
    The most ugliest poodle walked up to me and started liking my leg.
    This dog was going in for the kill, his nose was going further up my dress.
    I literally started screaming and telling the dog to get the hell away from me.
    OK i think yawl get the hint I'm not a dog lover.
    Now don't get me wrong I like dogs.
    Bottom line Heart and Dagger the name says it all.
    Please don't spend to much of your life at this bar unless you rock outfits that have skull and bones on them.
    Get my drift.
   3 terrific pinball gamesAttack from Mars (Bally)Creature from the Black Lagoon (Bally)Arabian Nights (Williams)$3.
   50 PBR TallboysDecent jukebox (no autotunes)Mellow people (seemed free of hipsters.
   ).
   I have never been treated so rudely by a bartender (and we all know how they can be sometimes, lol).
    But imagine my surprise when it turned out to be the self-proclaimed OWNER of the place.
    I am still just shocked by her blatant disrespect of my friends and I, I still have absolutely no idea why we were treated in this fashion-- the only cause i could speculate is that I was with mostly people of color.
    shocking for Oakland, but i have racked my brain and that is the only thing i can come up with.
    The bartender did not want us there from the second we walked in and she made that very clear.
    Nor did she even care when I tried to address the matter with her, happy to hear she had lost all of our business forever.
    I see that a few other reviewers had similar experiences, how sad.
   All's I know is that I know a LOT of bars in Oakland that at least pretend to care about their customers.
    I will never go back to this bar, it's certainly no good to be so blatantly disrespected, but I'm certainly not going to PAY to be treated that way.
    lol.
   I just moved to Lakeshore from Montclair, and you know what excites me?  The fact that I can walk to a bar and stumble home late at night after.
     You know what doesn't excite me?  The fact that Heart and Dagger Saloon of Oakland is my local bar.
   Let's be honest, I haven't seen this many white people together in one place since Oakland's First Friday (or as I lovingly call it, "White Night").
     The lay out is funky .
    .
    .
    especially the VIP raised table right as you walk in the door.
     The outside is nice and I will definitely try it again in the summertime, but really, I don't want to go anywhere that makes my "ethnic" friends feel uncomfortable .
    .
    .
    .
   Looks like we're going to Easy.
   Heart and Dagger is a-okay.
    The patio is gigantic, probably more room out there than in the actual bar.
    Prices were reasonable, but comparisons to Lucky 13 or similar bars with awesome beer selections and divey vibes are a bit uncalled for; there aren't that many beers on tap, and the crowd there (Saturday afternoon) was more likely to be reading the paper than to be chatting it up with fellow bar patrons.
    Dog friendly though!.
   i dunno what i was expecting when i heard this was a biker dive bar.
   maybe a little more dive and a little more hott bikers.
   ? parking was easy, directly across the street.
   and well, the spot itself is pretty cool inside with pool tables, pinball machines, and a jukebox.
    The bartender worked up some strong drinks and the other patrons were pretty accommodating.
   the patio area was pretty big lined up with park benches to share, but the lighting def needs improving so us cougs could see which cubs are available to hunt! some of my biker friends rave about this spot because of it being biker friendly and maybe it just wasn't the night for them to be there.
   so i'll be back and give it another try, maybe on a saturday.
   check back and i'll let you know!.
   Walked in here for the first time and was like "so THIS is what the Serenader looks like from the inside!"Great out door patio, stiff cheap drinks, good jukebox, men with facial hair .
    .
    .
    sign me up!.
   Where everybody knows your name!We have been going to the Heart and Dagger since it opened, usually with me draped in my cool H and D swag.
   This is a throwback to a great neighborhood bar, with a little punk thrown in.
    We went last night to reintroduce our recently transplanted friends back to the amazing-ness that is the Bay Area, and ran into a group of friends.
    That is what I love about this place! Knowing that our friends all go there, and that we can catch up and hang out on the patio for hours is awesome!Boozy Suzy always makes me a delicious custom made drink when I am hanging out with all of the beer drinking boys, which puts a smile on my face every time.
   The boys love getting Lane-Splitters for dinner, and staying and talking the night away.
    Now, if I can only get Lane Splitters to carry gluten free pizza, I would never leave!.
   If you are looking for a dive bar, you can't do much better than this in Oakland.
    The drinks are cheap, there's a great outdoor seating area and plenty of people watching.
    It gets a little smokey in the patio, but what do you expect from outdoor seating at a bar.
    Pinball and Pool are also big pluses.
   Love the fact that karaoke is not and never will be allowed!They pour great drinks with great prices and a very fun crowd to watch.
   Check it out!.
   I love, love love love Heart and Dagger! It's about time that Oakland got a decent rocker/biker/alternative bar!I've heard people call it a "dive bar" but it's anything but.
    If you love Zeitgeist in SF, imagine a smaller, east bay version.
    That's what you get at Heart and Dagger.
   Plus, you can actually go and get a few drinks and not spend more than $20.
    The jukebox is loaded with bitchin' tunes.
    The staff is super friendly.
    The place is Dog friendly.
    And they let you bring in food from other places to eat.
    And once in a while, Lane Splitters will bring by free pizza that's left over at the end of the night or wrong orders.
   It's cozy and comfy.
    All races, genders, gays, straights welcome.
    It's nice to see a diverse alternative culture and not feel like you walked into a snobby hipster bar for once.
    Heart and Dagger has certainly become my version of "Cheers!".
   I dig this bar, I really do.
    The staff is friendly (even the door guys are nice) and there's usually a fun crowd inside.
    My favorite time to visit Heart and Dagger is on a lazy Sunday when the back patio is filled with dogs, cigarettes and tall boys.
    Drinks are reasonably priced, has every amenity you'd ever ask of a dive, and the bathrooms aren't gross! I can only speak for the Men's bathroom, though.
    Also, if you're hungry, Lanesplitters (as well as other awesome grub) is right next to Heart and Dagger, and the bar is totally cool with you bringing a pizza box in to share with friends.
   Additional bonuses: 3 pinball tables and an ATM machine.
    When their ATM machine isn't working, there's a bank 50 feet away.
    The only negative: When the outside patio is closed and the bar is packed, the inside of the bar will make you claustrophobic.
   If I've said it once, I've said it a million times:  This place is great as long as the back yard stays open.
     When they shut it down and start hustling us in at 11 or 11:30 or whenever it is, it is just way too small to accommodate us.
     Inevitably this results in an additional trip either back to the Kona or the Ruby Room.
   I know they're trying to be good neighbors and I can respect that, but the early nightly closing of the outside is a total buzzkill.
   While my pals and I were wandering around Oakland on a sunny day, we came here to get a drink and sit at their outdoor patio.
     It was a bit of a 30-something meat market.
     Since we were not really out on the prowl, it was a sort of hilarious scene.
     We drank mimosas and watched a group of British men hit on any women who'd have them.
     I don't know about what it's like at night or when it's cold, but I found it quite enjoyable in the lovely Oakland sun.
     Not really worth a trip to the East Bay, but good if you're already there.
   3.
   5 stars!It gets knocked back from 4 because the only beer I (kinda) like there is Sierra Nevada.
     But this is a great last stop for when you don't care anymore and you just want to knock back a PBR tallboy or two.
    Classy!   Anywaaaays, it may not be the classiest joint but it is a lot of fun -- there are little video games, a pool table, and a large outdoor patio.
     The TVs play the randomest crap, and everyone there is just chillin'.
     Gets a little crowded, but that's part of the fun.
    And when you finally get kicked out, the Taco Guys sometimes park their truck outside, so you can grab an organic, free-range, vegetarian-fed taco (it's very important for your 2 a.
   m.
    drunk self to be environmentally friendly) to go with that last PBR.
   Pitchers, pinball, patio! Great neighborhood dive bar.
    good location, average prices, dogs outside.
    Definitely plan on going back regularly.
   This is now the bar I call my neighborhood favorite.
     I love that it has an outdoor patio.
     The one downside is that I'm a nonsmoker so if it's crowded it's hard to get away from the smokers but it's worth it to me to sit outside on a sunny day and enjoy a beer.
     The beers are priced great, especially if you get there early enough for happy hour.
     Dogs are allowed in the back which offers some entertainment if there are a few there.
     The bartenders have always been very friendly.
     I haven't been back in a while since the weather has been cold but the next warm, sunny day I have off work I know where I'm headed.
   If the Lexington in SF and Zeitgeist in SF had a love child it would be Heart and Dagger.
    In recent years there has been a gaggle of gays moving over to Oakland, myself included, and we needed a gayborhoody hangout.
    I do believe Heart and Dagger fits the bill! A group of us went to Heart and Dagger and we knew we were "home" when Gary, any dyke worth her weight knows this doorman, greeted us! There were hugs all around! He has been working the door at some infamous lesbian parties in SF for years.
    He is an East Bay boy so he is right at home at Heart and Dagger.
    The bar has that "cozy" Lex feeling and the backyard is like Zeigeist's little sister.
    There is also a pool table indoors and it's surrounded by tons of raggedy old bar stools and a couple throne type areas to chill in.
    Random, but welcomed.
    Good, full bar with some attractive bartenders.
    Always a bonus! Prices were excellent.
    And don't worry hip straighties, it is a diverse crowd and everyone seems to be welcomed with open arms.
    We like that.
    Diversity good.
    Let's do the math: Cool hangout space+good bar with good prices+backyard space+Gary at the door+plenty of parking across the street = a sweet little gayborhoody spot we plan to frequent.
   Eek!  Methinks never again.
   Went here a few times and thought it was alright.
     After having my bike tires slashed and the bartender refusing service saying "I don't serve blonds" to my male friend.
   I'm done.
   Pros:Patio out backCute dogsCons:Rude bartenderOnly one toilet.
   which clogs and people still piss (and crap) in it until it's fullBike tires SLASHED.
   no sign in sight saying do NOT park your bike herePeople beauregarding the jukebox with annoying musicIf you're willing to put up with idiots for bartenders, nasty toilets, and flat tires please go here!.
   Five stars for a bar?  What caught your eye Tim?  What could possibly be that awesome:This F**&amp;ing place.
   Pinball: Sweet.
   Three of 'em: Even sweeterMaximum Force/ Area 51 arcade game: You mean I can get drunk and kill things ?,Pacman/Froger/Galaga/all sorts of other cool 80's hits, flashback out of the time I was in diapers.
     RadJukebox with Iron Maiden and the Clash? And all sorts of other badass tunes? CheckCheap drinks too? I just shit myself in excitement.
     Maybe I'll go to the bathroom to cl.
   Holy crap there's a patio too?  This place gets my vote and my dollar.
    Its smaller than you expect but the folks tend to be friendly and loud.
     Its a good time and theres tons of parking across the street.
   Like my lady said: It's a dive bar, but without the urine and cigarette stench.
     WHOA.
   I kinda like this place.
   Tuesday night &amp; about twenty patrons.
   Sierra Nevada on tap for $3.
   00(Happy hour until 7:00)Appears to be an old house @ some point in it' s past life,some new paint &amp; stucco made a large improvement.
   Fairly neat &amp; clean.
   Ping pong table in action in the back patio.
   Bar tender was friendly &amp; helpful with beer selection.
   Mixed crowd on my visit.
   Parking was no big deal (right across the steet.
   A big improvement from the last sh*#hole bar previously residing @ this location.
   Patio looks to be a good spot for hot summer nights.
   Go already!!!.
   Loved the pinball and the backyard seating! Cash only so come prepared.
    Great spot for a bloody mary on a Sunday afternoon.
    Bring your pooch along!.
   When this place first opened up, I thought it was pretty cool.
     I loved the pinball, back patio &amp; the jukebox was pretty good too.
     However, over the last year I've gone there, my impression declined from "great" to "okay" to "absolutely never again will I set foot in the place".
     The first reason I started going was for the pinball, but whatever company leases the machines to the bar (California Amusement Group?) does not keep them in good repair.
     Since they opened, I've been there to play the machines multiple times, and each time, every single one of the 3 games were in such disrepair as to make the game almost a complete waste of money because you couldn't make key shots for scoring (like an intermittent or weak flipper, or a semi-functioning plunger).
     Eventually, I stopped going there as often because of that, but gave it another chance a couple nights ago because my friend's friend was having a birthday party there - BIG mistake.
     My friend (also female) and I waited at the bar to get a drink for over 20 minutes while the bartender completely ignored us, giving no eye contact &amp; no acknowledgement that she saw us, while serving everyone else at the bar, including people who had clearly come up to the bar after us.
     I'm pretty patient when a bar is crowded, because I understand that it's not an easy job.
     However, as we got passed over, time &amp; time again, it was obvious that the bartender just did not want to serve us.
     WTF?  There was even some jerk standing fully behind me who leaned over my shoulder &amp; shouted - "pitcher of Trumer" - who got served while we were still waiting there!  Finally, there was guy standing next to my friend who could see what was going on (who had also come up AFTER us), and then sure as sh*t, the bartender came up to ask HIM what he wanted, so he pointed to us and said "these ladies were first", and she scoffed &amp; said something totally dismissive like "okay whatever" and then reluctantly asked what we wanted.
     After she served us, she started ignoring the guy who pointed out that we were next.
     Okayyyyy - wow.
     I'm not sure why we got that kind of treatment, but it felt pretty crappy.
     I sortof wondered whether it was because I was an obvious dyke.
     I couldn't think of any other reason why we got treated that way, unless maybe the bartender just has a problem with other women in general?  (I've seen other reviews by women here who have mentioned crappy treatment by a female bartender here as well).
     In any case, regardless of the reason, this bartender obviously did not want me &amp; my friend's business, and the owners don't care that their patrons get ripped off on their janky pinball machines either, so Mission Accomplished!!!  I will never go there again!Sad, because it had so much potential.
   My favorite neighborhood joint.
    It's cozy.
    The patrons are young, diverse, attractive, and take good care of themselves.
    The bar staff and security are really friendly.
    Nice change from comparable larger venues in the City.
    This is where I plan to bring my friends this summer.
   The music hits all my sweet spots--blues, rockabilly, punk, HEAVY METAL.
    The beer selection is good enough for me--and it's cheap! And if I overkill (which I almost never do anymore) I live right up the street and could crawl home if necessary.
    Perfect.
    If grog and whiskey ain't your thing, then be sure to ask for a Suzie-kazi if Boozie Suzie is slingin shots.
   Need something to pad the sauce so you can see straight despite beer goggles? Head over to Lanesplitter's right next door--OR DRINK SOME MORE UNTIL YOU'VE DRUNK YOURSELF SOBER.
   I thought this place was cute.
    The drinks were great and super cheap.
    We went on a Friday night around 9 and it was packed.
    I thought the outdoor space was great.
    It had cute brick/cobble stone floor, lots of stringed lights and the cutes local puppy.
    I will say that the layout is ridiculous, they could have fit way more tables or at least some drink holding counters.
    i spent most the night reorganizing the space layout in my head.
    The crowd seemed a little young, college- single types, but everyone was friendly and calm-ish.
    However it was only 9 and the party was just beginning.
   they have pool table and pin-ball but they were packed and unlikely to be able to play.
   All-n-all: i would go back for a beer and hang.
    but after we left here, we stumbled upon all that is holey in Dive Bars.
     Smitty's Cocktails, review to follow!!.
   Heart and Dagger is my neighborhood  bar hangout.
    For those in the Grand Lake area, it really is convenient which adds to it's draw.
    It can get a bit crowded on Friday and Saturday night.
    It has a cool motorcycle vibe and some tough looking characters that frequent.
    While it has some diversity of character, however, it really is a hipster-ific bar.
     Lanesplitters, the next door pizza joint, will often deliver the pizza at the end of the night.
    GREAT outdoor patio with a fun lemon tree.
    In three words: cheap, convenient and cool.
   Everything I want in a bar: cheap drinks, comfortable back yard to sit and drink in (complete with a huge lemon tree in the center), good jukebox, decent not-to-cool-for-school bartenders, a first person shooter video game, and a non-douchey clientele.
   I love this place.
   Can you say cheap drinks? Well, I use to pop up at this place before Heart and Dagger took over.
    The mgmt kept changing and it wasn't always safe to go, but they had great bands.
    It was called Serenadas.
    Soooooooo, the bar was finally sold to someone who knows what to do.
   The bartenders are super fast, super friendly, and always something weird, or interesting on their tv sets.
    They have pool, playing machine, and a HUGE patio for smoking.
    Did I already say cheap drinks?The music is a variety of rock, heavy metal, non heavy metal, and all sorts of other stuff.
     Now, hopefully your a dog lover because you might see a few dogs or cats.
    Hard to describe the crowd, but everyone seems cool.
    Oh, for the 3rd time, cheap drinks!!!!! Oh, they occasionally give you free pizza from next door.
   Who cars about dog, different music, or anything else if you getting served cheap fast drinks.
    There are 4 other bars in the area if you don't like this one.
    Right by the grand theatre, plenty of cabs, near the bus line, so no excuse for you not to go.
    Check it out!!!!.
   The patio is large and dog friendly.
    Employees are nice.
    Bouncer is awesome.
    Pinball.
    Cool regulars to talk to.
    The lock on the bathroom door works (hard to find at bars).
    Free parking in a lot across the street.
   Excellent music.
    Off the top of my head, last night I can remember hearing Faith No More, High On Fire, The Cramps, and Slayer.
    The bartender was wearing a Minor Threat shirt and they had Grindhouse playing on the TV when I walked in around 5:30.
   It's a few doors down from Lanesplitters, who donates the delicious pizza they don't sell at the end of the night to hungry bar patrons.
   Last time hanging out on the patio, I witnessed a Blue Heron take a GIANT crap on a couple of screaming girls.
    This is a great place.
   Good prices, pool table, good juke, and a PATIO! A backyard patio is so rare here in Oakland, so it scores.
   A lot of reviewers seem to have had problems with the bartenders.
    I haven't.
    The crowd is cool, too.
    Good people.
   I'd like to have a bit more room inside, and maybe a second pool table, but other than those tiny things, this place rocks.
   This place is pretty great.
   The drinks are cheap here.
    &amp; of course, like most of the dive bars -it's cash only.
    Luckily they have a BoA and CHASE within walking distance.
    There's also this awesome pizza place next door to go to feed your intoxicated needs.
    Overall a great dive bar.
   a WHOLE lot better than the Ruby Room or Radio.
   (I think its the same owner?).
    The backdoor patio could use a little more lighting though and that nasty lonely blue bulb should be replaced.
   4 stars as room for growth.
    Great little rock and roll neighborhood bar!(too clean to call it a 'dive')They've got  a pool table, a few pinball machines and one of those table ms.
    pacmans.
   Decor is cute, place is clean, and the jukebox is outstanding.
   I'm really excited about 2 things at this place:#1.
    Tuesday nights.
    (For DML)#2.
    The back patio.
    I can just imagine the awesomeness of meeting friends for booze brunches, or cooling off on balmy(ish) summer nights.
   We wanted to get something to eat after the horrifying West Elm/Pottery Barn warehouse sale a couple weekends back and stumbled upon this place.
    The atmosphere is great - a bunch of food and beverage spots all under one roof.
    Kind of reminds me of Gotham West Market in NYC.
    I ordered the pork tacos smothered in a red sauce, topped with pickled onion and cilantro.
    The two tacos came with a side of pinto beans.
    It was good, the pork was tender, the beans were also good.
    I do agree with most of the other reviews on price, it is kind of steep.
    I think it was $12/$13 for two tacos and some beans.
    the tacos were little so I am not sure why they command such a high price.
    But they were good! If I was in the area again, I would go back for sure.
   A friend said yeah let's go its delicious.
     No.
    It's over priced mexican food that wants to be good for you.
    I ate a torta and may never come here again unless I need to feel good about my food choices or maybe I'll get a salad or something.
     So don't go thinking your going to have mexican food as you will be sadly mistaken.
   Love love freakin LOVE this place! The staff are really nice, food is EXCELLENT!! Great spot to eat for lunch even dinner.
    The tostadas on Tuesday are to die for! MUST TRY! MUST TRY! It'll never disappoint.
    P.
   s.
    Pork belly tacos.
    I mean shut up right!.
   This place is one of my "go-tos" for lunch.
     I have dined here about 6 times and each time it has been really good.
     Service is limited since its a walk up and order place; they do deliver food to the table and are super nice.
     Its a local place in the "Swan" center with multiple eateries as well as a fish market inside.
     Handmade tortillas and creative "cocktails" (no hard alcohol, but they do make a good "bloody" style drink with cayenne pepper crusted candy sticks (have only seen these in Mexico before).
     Fresh, fresh, fresh!  Oh yeah, I have had pork, fish, shrimp and chicken tacos - all great!.
   Today we got for lunch the crispy wild shrimp tacos and peach salad! Absolutely fantastic and delicious.
   I love this place.
    Although its crowded we found a table with 3 seatings right away.
   AMAZING.
    Everything i've gotten here has been incredible and i'm a very big fan (in case you couldn't already tell) Their menu changes so there no guarantee that they will have a certain dish a given night.
    However, I was really impressed by the tamale i had here and the chicken anchiote.
    Comes with awesome sides of rice and beans, tortilla and everything tastes so freshly made.
    Some could argue this place is on the pricier side compared to standard Mexican fare, but at first bite you will realize its absolutely worth it and keep coming back like i do.
   Cosecha, Cosecha, Cosecha.
    I have such a weird relationship with you.
    I truly do like you, but you are expensive.
    I recognize that quality ingredients and such tastiness do cost money.
    But, spending $15 on 2 shrimp tacos and some beans in downtown Oakland at a pretty casual spot is insane to me?! Were those deliciously large shrimp tacos so tasty? YES, albeit a bit sloppy to eat.
    Plump wild shrimp, tempura fried with some jalapeno on 2 corn tortillas was perfection.
    I went the blue plate special and at $15 with beans, I was shocked.
    I actually think I wish I bought 2 at $5.
   50 per taco.
    :: FRIDAYS only for those shrimp tacos, btw.
   :: So, there, I said it.
    I don't like dropping $15 on a casual lunch, but those shrimp tacos are so worth it.
    I've actually dined here quite regularly for lunch since my move nearby almost a year ago and you always ignite the same reactions.
    When I'm paying, I gulp and say: how much? But, then my food arrives and I enjoy, maybe even savor every bite and can appreciate the ingredients.
    And although your portions don't seem huge, they are more than enough food and quite filling.
    In the end, Mexican is one of those foods.
    You expect to pay less and when you don't, you're like, excuse me? But man, Cosecha is so tasty.
    From their tacos, to their tortas, to their quesadillas, I've always been impressed.
    *Seating can be a bit of pain, since this spot's located within Swan's Marketplace.
    A co-op of sorts for local restaurants where they share the seating space.
    Lunch time is always packed weekdays, but taking a quick glance at their Saturday brunch makes me think I've been sleeping on this spot for weekend fare.
   * Their guac is a good, but at $5+ for a small dish, it is totally not worth it.
   Amazing Mexican food.
    Came here for brunch on Sat (just a suggestion, come here early for brunch) and had bacon tacos with eggs and a side of beans.
    All delicious.
    My girlfriend had the waffles (yup, waffles at a Mexican restaurant!) and they were fantastic.
    To round things out I had the Cosecha Margarita and it was delicious, with orange zest and real worm salt around the rim.
    I know we're coming back for more.
   Cosecha has very good Mexican food.
    It's located in a food court-esque building, with a few other restaurants that all share common seating.
    My friend and I went in around 8:00 pm on a Saturday night, and the place was bumpin.
    We both ordered a quesadilla (I had the grilled peppers and chicken, and he had the mushroom and chicken).
    We also shared some chips and salsa, and the iced horchata latte.
    The prices are bit higher than some Mexican restaurants, but I think it's worth it.
    I was impressed with everything.
    I thought the horchata latte was great, and actually complemented the spiciness of the quesadilla really well.
    The quesadilla was incredibly well prepared, and the salsa served on the side gave the quesadilla a great flavor.
    I really liked the vibe at Cosecha, and the food was great.
    It's definitely one of my new favorite spots in Oakland (along with Zachary's, Drake's Dealership, and OBTOWN).
   Food = excellent.
    Price point = poor.
    Hence the 4 star average.
    I loved my food but as others have mentioned, I don't think it was worth $15/plate.
    Both my SO and I had the Grilled Chicken Anchiote.
    It is served in a cute clay plate over rice with guacamole and a couple tortillas.
    Perhaps make the guac optional and lower the price a few bucks? The quality was great and they supposedly use fresh, seasonal/ local ingredients which always jacks up price so I get it.
    to an extent.
    But it's also not a sit down restaurant.
    It is cafeteria style- in a large building with other restaurants, much like San Pedro Square Market in San Jose if you've ever been.
    Oakland is certainly stepping up it's food game and this was a great example.
    I would recommend this place but don't expect your fav hole in the wall taqueria prices.
   Chicken tacos are so good.
    I want to come back to eat these!Pork belly was ok.
    Verde mole was ok too, spiciness made up for the dull taste.
    Everything taste so fresh.
   Owner was super nice, bringing us our food.
   Everything we ate was delicious and fresh!! We went during the breakfast menu tired the waffles.
    They were stinking amazing Best waffles I ever ate!!!!! We also had the shrimp tacos also great!!! Wish they served dinner early in the morning I would like to have tired the pork tacos .
   Decent Mexican-themed bar at Swan's Market with a modest menu, whether brunch offerings like the huevos cuaouthemoc (two eggs over beans and salsa de arbol, topped with avocado and handmade flour tortillas) or evening fare like a fresh, crispy fish taco.
    They also offer a few nicely done drinks like their pomegranate margaritas.
   Overall, the offerings are reasonably delicious, good quality, and presented nicely, although prices are slightly on the elevated side.
    As this is a small stand inside Swan's Market, there aren't many people working here so service may seem a bit overwhelmed or impersonal at times.
    Nevertheless, if you are here at Swan's Market and want something more substantial than, say, sausages, this isn't a bad choice.
   The short: delicious tacosThis is a line-up and they'll bring your order type place.
    At lunch hour, this place is busy and the wait was around 15 minutes.
    While waiting, we watched some ladies hand-make the tortillas.
    Mmmm fresh tortillas! Watch out though.
    The tortilla chips are ultra fried and oily; I almost could feel my arteries clogging up.
    We ordered the daily special of two fish tacos (Wednesday and Thursday; Friday has shrimp tacos).
    I enjoyed them and wished there were more than two!This place (Swan's Marketplace) is an agglomeration of other dining eateries, which makes for a loud, crowded and semi-cramped atmosphere, though the afternoon light streaming through was a nice touch.
   I can't remember which paper or publication I first read about Cosecha (weird that it wasn't Yelp - heh), but I distinctly remember that I had to check this place out because it was Dominica Rice-Cisneros', of Chez Pannise fame, new place.
    On my visit, I tried out two dishes: Chilaquiles and Breakfast Tacos.
    Both dishes were quite tasty, but it is definitely quality over quantity here! Cosecha sources fresh, local ingredients, so expect to pay a bit more than your regular mobile/taco truck establishment.
    Located in the Housewives Market (Swan's), you will find Cosecha in what I describe as an upscale food court.
    You place your order at the register, get a number and you will get your meal in around ten minutes or so.
    This place was one that I actually went before opening due to its popularity and I had things to do.
   like holiday shopping!There is plenty of street parking!My buddy and I when we totally beat traffic on a Saturday morning:Uh, what time is it?   Ten o'clock.
    They open at 10:30.
                     |                            |                 O_                         O                 |                            / | \                / \                           /  \   _________________________________     Maybe I'll take a nap     What about getting booze instead?in the car.
                                 |                \                             |                 O                         O               / | \                        / | \                / \                         /  \   _________________________________     You are such an enabler!*    I know.
                     |                            /                 O                         O               / | \                        / | \                / \                         /  \   _________________________________* = She really is an enabler!.
   Cornbread.
    Seriously, try the cornbread.
    Simply the best.
   Cosecha is a Mexican eatery with a nouvelle California twist.
    It's located inside old Oakland's Swan's Market.
    Solid wooden benches-- amenable to communal style seating -- are set up in front of their ordering counter.
    I actually love shared dining like this; seems only fitting for a 'market' context.
   The open wall aspect of this market is attractive; chose to avoid the interior ceiling fans and be warmed by the direct sun.
    People sitting outside were accompanied by their pets.
    The ordering line took just a bit of time.
    I loved observing the hustle and bustle of the open prep station behind the glass.
     While waiting in line, I perused the paper menu pasted onto the glass counter.
     I was there towards the end of weekend brunch (they close at 3:00 p.
   m.
   ) I ordered the wild shrimp tacos and the horchata latte, following the tip from Bon Appetit's August 2015 issue which featured Oakland dining spots including Cosecha.
     Place your order at the counter and pay, then servers bring your food out.
     The horchata latte was sheer cinnamon-y goodness served in a tall glass-- light, sweet, and tinged with coffee tones.
     I thought it would be the perfect non-dairy counterpoint to spicy Mexican chillies.
     The two corn tortillas piled high with batter-fried shrimp were nicely presented.
    The shrimp sat on shredded cabbage, were topped with a chili-infused crema sauce and garnished with jalapeno and cilantro.
    The tacos weren't spicy and the cup of beans on the side were well-flavored.
    The shrimp were high quality and fresh with a firm bite (none of the mealy texture of aquaculture-produced shrimp.
   ) My only gripe might be the quantity size--too small.
     The prices will reveal that this is not another street-stall taco shop although it functions like one.
    I paid around $15 for the gourmet, delicately flavored shrimp.
     This place offers sufficiently unique taste that it's worth a special treat, but it wouldn't be my daily go-to, based on price alone.
     There are plenty of more ordinary tacquerias for everyday dining.
   I was originally attracted to this restaurant due to its iced horchata latte!  When I saw this on the menu I flipped with excitement and headed to Cosecha.
     I was expecting an conventional restaurant location, but I found myself at a food market.
     By no means was this a bad thing, it added to the ambiance of the restaurant.
     The food is on a other level, often you hear about a place and it gets so hyped up that you are extremely excited to try it and it let's you down when you finally get to try it.
    well this is not that kind of place.
     The flavors are stupefying!  Yes, I looked up a word to describe what I felt when I had the green pozole.
     I returned and tried the fish tacos special and on my next visit I had the chilaquiles.
     Needless to say, I am a big fan of this place and it's authentic and unique spins on classic dishes.
     Only draw back, it's on the expensive side :(.
   Bomb tacos.
    Favorites are the pork belly and chicken.
    Veggie is hit or miss - usually too watery.
     Tortillas are freshly made as you wait in line.
    Chips are greasy, crunchy, and delicious.
   This food court makes it easy to go out with coworkers when you're craving different cuisines; however, watch where you sit because vendors will get mad and yell at you to move if you sit in the wrong territory (tables are marked for specific restaurants in the shared space).
   Cosecha is so fresh.
    From the salads to the tortillas for the tacos.
    Everything is made fresh to order.
    Love it.
   I have to say the fish tacos were heavenly.
    I am just in Oakland for the night and looking for a cure for my jet lag.
    Fish tacos were the blue plate special.
    They came perfectly done - tempura style, crispy with a little bite.
    Beans with a half an avocado came in the side.
    I will definitely come back!!.
   While having a group dinner inside the Swan Market, friends and I tried a few dishes from each of the establishments inside.
     I thought the service at Cosecha was great and I liked the menu choices.
     Only major gripe was the value.
     For what we paid, I thought was a bit steep for what we actually got.
     We even ordered the happy hour special which happened to be 2 fish tacos and a pint of beer ($12).
     Unfortunately, the battered fish tacos were so small and didn't satisfy.
     The tacos looked delicious, but were slightly bland.
     They have 3 beers on tap which you can choose from including Modelo, an IPA and a chocolate stout.
     Our group ended up getting 4 orders of the tacos/beer ($50+).
     If you have a big appetite like me, you may end up spending more money than you anticipate at Cosecha to fill up your belly.
     May come back, but wouldn't get the tacos next time.
   This is the perfect place for a casual lunch or dinner date.
    I've been here several times with my friends and always enjoyed my experience.
    Cosecha makes anincredible selection of traditional moles utilizing authentic ingredients and old school recipes.
    I recommend the green mole and their fish tacos to any first-time visitors or regulars that are looking for something different to try.
    Also, if you're fan of Horchata definitely try their horchata espresso! It's my favorite!.
   WONDERFUL!!! Best fish tacos that I have had in ages! The chips and salsa were amazing as well.
   Good food.
    Slight bit pricy but it is the Bay Area and it's downtown and it's quality food so it's worth it.
    The pork belly tacos were good the meat was light but crispy and the salsa on those were to dye for.
    The carne plate was delicious to real good food but dinner doesn't start until 530 so don't come earlier for that or it won't be there.
    I got 3 plates two drinks 50 bucks easily.
   I've been going here for a couple years now and because of my resolution to Yelp consistently I am making up for my lack of a review for Cosecha.
   They have brought a nice high end twist to Mexican food and one of the first places to bring some style with substance to the Old Oakland area.
     Since their arrival they've spurned many great eateries to open up around them.
     Through all the change they've still stood strong with their versions of many classics.
    Think high end taco truck without the truck.
    The various tacos and quesadillas are the stars for me here specifically shrimp (when available) and the Mushroom quesadilla.
    They also do a mean horchatta latte if you are a horchatta fan.
    My only gripes are that shrimp is just a special on a specific day and that prices are a little high to be a weekly regular.
   Very limited menu.
    One friend got the soft tacos with braised pork &amp; a side of beans.
    Delicious, beyond fork tender.
    Fresh, hand-made tortillas.
    This was a keeper and the highlight of our meal.
    Another friend got the chilaquiles with salsa verde.
    Same fresh tortillas as the tacos except that they were cut into chips and fried.
    Scrambled eggs were soft and fluffy.
    The avocado was perfectly ripe and the crema made the whole dish a luscious bite from beginning to end.
    A good dish but after the wow factor of the braised pork, it was anticlimactic.
    I went against the grain and got breakfast.
    The waffle was yummy but different.
    They pulled it from the iron before it formed a crispy crust.
    It was light and fluffy.
    The interior was fully cooked but it was still moist and tender.
    I added the cajeta sauce which is a Mexican-style caramel.
    So good, I was literally scraping the tiny container for every last drop.
    We also got the chips, guac and salsa.
    My advice, skip the chips that were hard and stale and substitute with the fresh tortillas instead.
    For drinks, we sipped on strawberry limeade.
    So yummy, I was chasing the last drop around the ice.
    Located in the old Swan's Market, I liked the vibe of the place.
    It reminded me of a tiny and more homey SF Ferry Building.
    Very similar to San Jose's San Pedro Square Market.
    If Cosecha isn't your style, there were about 4 other stalls including one featuring Japanese food and another serving hot dogs and beer.
    There was also a wine merchant.
    I wish I had a cooler.
    There was a butcher and a fishmonger offering raw product for purchase.
    About 3 blocks from the 12th St.
    Bart station, it easy to get to.
    I will be back.
   I had the most expensive shrimp taco here.
    And it was basically one shrimp and one taco! Over 5bucks after tax.
    I was still hungry afterwards.
   one of my favorites!i've had breakfast, lunch and dinner here and all of my experiences were great.
    the waffle at breakfast, the delicious pico and guacamole, the horchata latte.
   all so delicious!.
   Did someone say vegan quesadillas and strawberry margaritas? If so, I'm all in!I love how Cosecha uses sweet potato in their vegan quesadillas rather than using some fake rubbery cheese substitute.
    They also do not skimp on the guacamole.
    You get some inside the quesadilla itself and some on the side along with a deliciously spicy salsa verde.
    You can also choose from mushrooms, green chile, etc to go inside your quesadilla.
   The kicker to this meal though, was the asparagus and braised chickpeas.
    It might have been a special, but if you see it on the menu, do not hesitate and order it! The chubbiest asparagus I had ever seen, topped with perfect chickpeas in a really rich saucy broth.
    I'll be dreaming about this asparagus for eternity.
   My strawberry margarita was also memorable.
    It wasn't overly sweet and actually tasted like limes and real strawberries rather than the artificial syrupy stuff.
   All in all, I really enjoyed my meal here at Cosecha from start to finish.
    I can't wait to try other menu items!.
   In the search of good Mexican food we wanted to love this place, and were really disappointed! We saw this place on KQED and decided to give it a try.
    We were there on a Wednesday around 5, restaurant was pretty empty, no excuse for what we experienced.
   Here are my complaints:1.
    PRICES: They are way out of line for counter service &amp; communal seating: $13 for two tiny fish tacos, $15 for Pork Adobado plate, $3 for chips salsa and guacamole.
    There are far better taco places (such as Tracy DeJardin's place in the SF Ferry Building) which are MUCH less expensive, better quality2.
    QUALITY: The food was not prepared well.
    Rice was gummy and EVERYTHING was super greasy.
    The chips and fish tacos were literally swimming in oil.
    No one drained a damn thing.
    Fish tacos were very smelly too.
    Probably should not have eaten them.
    Pork plate was missing avocado and had a few pieces of gross, shriveled zucchini on the side.
    Very unappetizing.
   3.
    PORTIONS: Chip order was sad.
    With only a few cold greasy chips.
    Skimpy on the salsa as well.
    Fish tacos were absolutely tiny and each plated on one small tortilla.
    WAY too expensive for portion size.
    Pork plate had two tiny tortillas.
   4.
    SERVICE: Worker at the counter was barely civil.
    I asked for extra tortillas with our pork plate, forgot them.
    Ticket was cooked wrong- one order came out far in advance of the other.
    The counter worker slammed down the pork plate about a mile away (we were sitting on a big communal table) from us.
    Very abrupt and rude.
   ***I suspect the owner was absent and it showed.
    Place is run poorly! Not a good experience, we will not go back.
   ***.
   We tried their duck special on the weekend and the food was awesome.
    The dishes are well prepared and the portion sizes were decent.
    They are trying to add a high end twist to their food.
    Their corn tortillas are very good, I think it is freshly made on site very day.
    It is a food court style dining in Old Oakland.
    The dining was casual and we could get beer and other food from the other eateries in the food court.
   I noticed many of the other customers getting their wild shrimp taco specials.
    We will try that when we go their next time.
    We did not know this place until we saw them on KQED - Check Please Bay Area.
   The owner greets you right away and everything is fresh.
    I had a mushroom and cheese quesadilla.
    It tasted so fresh!! The next day I had the shrimp tacos.
    The best I have ever had.
    Can't wait to return.
   It's sad that it's come to this.
    I used to love this place but it seems that in all the trendy-ness and influx of consumers in Oakland, people have just forgotten about customer service.
    In the past I have enjoyed certain dishes from Cosecha.
    (You have to know what to order here, as their meats can be dry, making certain dishes way overpriced) And usually the service is pretty good, not great.
    My last visit, however, was very disappointing.
    The line (which can get long here) wasn't, thankfully and I tried to place my order but before I could do so the owner (the female) called the guy at the register away.
    He was nice about it at first and said he would be right back.
    The owner was giving him instructions which was fine but as he kept trying to come back to me to take my order, she kept pulling him away (keep in mind that she was facing me and fully aware that there was a customer waiting the entire time) until he finally came back to me and said "we are too busy, I have to go help in the back and I can't take your order".
    Are you serious right now? How unprofessional and rude to keep a customer waiting and then ultimately TURN THEM AWAY?!? Get your act together.
   What first called my attention to this restaurant was this Facebook post: facebook.
   com/permalink.
   p…They were obviously more than just a restaurant; they realized the impact of our everyday interactions and are helping taking responsibility as a community towards real change.
    So last week when BART went down halfway through my commute home, my husband had to come pick me up from Oakland.
    We decided to have dinner in the area and came here.
    I'm so glad we did! My husband and I split an order of shrimp tacos and carne adobada.
    It was delicious and the meat was very tender.
    I'm also not big on beans but OMG I ate em' up here! Also, homemade tortillas are never a bad idea.
    My 6 year olds had a chicken quesadilla with rice &amp; beans and drank horchata.
    They loved it! Very good food and excellent service.
    I also love the idea that this place is a bit pricey (hear me out!) It's always bothered me so much that people just assume Mexican food has to cheap.
    Yes, taco trucks are great and nobody gets mad at a cheap meal but Mexican food can be just as fancy-pants as the rest of ya.
   Today was my first time trying Cosecha.
    I had the special which was 2 crispy fish tacos and beans with avocado for $11.
    Service was awesome! It is a bit pricey, so I don't think I will be eating here very often, but it was good food and Steve Kerr and his crew showed up and everyone was clapping.
    So for that reason, I will give this place another star.
    LOL.
   Fish taco special is a rip off.
     Can get better fry and quality at Rubios.
    The fry was decent but the fish was whatever.
     The torta made bread soggy, the meat was weak.
     Overpriced.
    Customer service is rude.
   Definitely a great Mexican food restaurant.
    Their menu changes, which keeps things interesting.
    I actually did take out one night and got the mushroom quesadilla and grilled chicken quesadilla.
    They were both very flavorful and delicious.
    Portion size is reasonable for the price.
    I especially liked that they used corn tortilla for the quesadillas.
    I also ordered their chips, which I thought were well salted (which I like) but drenched in grease.
    They were too greasy for me, but I still managed to finish most of them! Also the service was great.
    The person was friendly and helpful on the phone, even though I couldn't decide what to order.
    I picked up my order with no problems! Great experience, will come back to try all of their tacos next!.
   I'm basing this review on food quality as well as service.
     It was a miscommunication on their part which delayed our order.
    My co-worker and I ordered shrimp tacos and honestly they tasted like shrimp donuts.
    We didn't enjoy the batter and there was not enough sauce on the tacos.
    The overall dish it was lacking flavor.
    Next time I'm going to Belly's for shrimp tacos.
    Problem solved.
   WOW.
    The food here is incredible!  The selection is very limited (4-5 items on the menu), but we tried the tacos and quesadilla, and they were both amazing!!!  The meats were moist, tender and flavorful.
     The sauces were perfect.
     The tortillas were warm and delicious.
   This is food court style dining, with an option to purchase beer from one of the other eateries.
     Super casual, you order at the counter and they bring it to you.
    Very delicous.
    I can't wait to come back again!.
   I'm going to eat here again because I only had the totopos but they were great.
    I wanted to try more stuff, but we were doing a day drinking order a bunch of stuff thing so this seemed the most appropriate.
   One of my favorite places to eat in Oakland.
    They have delicious food that tastes homemade.
    I love their yam/mushroom quesadillas and their seasonal fruit salad with cucumber, pumpkin seeds, jicama, and citrus vin.
   I was here for a business lunch.
    The menu is a little pricey but the food was good.
    To be honest, chips and salsa with guac being close to $6 was a little  excessive.
    The fish tacos, however were worth the cost.
    They tasted great, the fish was fresh, and the plating was pleasing.
    Surprisingly, I was full after the fish tacos even though the portion looked small.
   This was my destination food stand for a while (before the influx of B-Dama, etc.
   ) at Swan's Market.
    Focus on organic (when possible) ingredients and limited but well executed menu.
    We've brought friends here (HS &amp; MD) who really enjoyed it.
    J typically gets the tacos, guac + chips.
    Initially, I enjoyed their vegan tacos (been eating here since 2011), but alas, since then, I have noticed more and more salt.
    For the average person who is not sensitive to salt, I would recommend Cosecha.
   Went for the New Year's Brunch today!Great food, but their concept of pay, get a number and the food is delivered is not working.
     One of us got their food and the other had to wait a long time for their food.
   We originally chose this restaurant because they were one of the few in downtown Oakland that had outdoor seating for dinner and we had our dog with us.
   Necessity soon turned into luck Sharee as we hungrily dove into fresh vegetables and equally fresh meats.
    My favorite meal was the blood orange salad with grilled chicken.
    It was the perfect mix of flavors with toasted pumpkin seeds butter lettuce and a fresh citrus vinaigrette.
    Portions are not too large (as I prefer), and prices represent the gentrification occurring in the bay area but still reasonable for the quality of food provided.
   Great spot for post happy hour drunken eats.
     I ordered the fish tacos, which are excellent, although steep at 13 pesos.
     You basically only get two small fish tacos as well as some rice and beans.
     The service was also pretty slow, it seems they only had one guy running back and forth taking orders at the register and waitering food out to diners.
   The food is always good, but the prices or service are never consistent.
    I paid about 5$ for a meal one day and the next was charged 8$.
    Sometimes they are polite and other days incredibly rude.
   I fell for the ratings.
    I had the fish tacos and if it weren't for the pickled onions and dressing, they would have been plain and boring.
    I was not too pleased.
    Previous commenter called it a"yuppie" Mexican place, I agree.
    Beans and rice were good, service was not so good.
    Be prepared to hunt for napkins, sugar for tea, and a fork in different places.
    Chips were real greasy and stuck together, but salsa was tasty.
    I should have tried the other places around here.
    I was really craving authentic Mexican.
    Not the place.
    I must have just ordered the wrong thing.
    So disappointed :-(.
   I've been here twice now and was very impressed both times.
    Friendly employees, the homemade chips and guacamole are great, as is everything else.
    The overall atmosphere is very friendly as well.
   This shared restaurant space is creative and interesting--kind of like a very upscale food court.
    Food itself is super delicious.
    I don't usually associate Mexican cuisine with haute cuisine--I'm a cheap taco loving girl, after all, but if you're going to do Mexican with fancy ingredients, these guys do it exceptionally well.
    All dishes were delicious and freshly cook.
    Sangria was good, too.
   Massively overpriced and small portions.
    I had two small fish tacos, rice and chips for $20.
    This would cost $10 anywhere else.
    Disappointing ripoff.
   The torta is good.
    I have been here several times but today was different.
   I experienced the worst, absolute, worst service I have ever experienced in my life.
    The lady at the register and the owner were ridiculously rude.
    I was surprised at first because the owner is usually smiling, and for the most part, you don't run into issues at the register (register lady is rarely friendly).
    She said I placed the incorrect order over the phone and I'm responsible for paying it (4x the cost of what I ordered).
    This went back and forth for a minute until she finally charged me for the correct order.
    As I was signing the receipt, she told me to never place these small orders over the phone and that they are doing me a favor for this one mistake I made.
    I responded with, "this is bullshit.
   " Both the cashier and owner, became increasingly rude, and at this point, had an aggressive and hostile tone and told me this is my fault.
    I'm a native English speaker with a law degree.
    The cashier has a thick Mexican accent.
    I also had the phone on speaker, with one other person sitting with me (she ordered B-Dama's pork cutlet), when I placed the phone order.
    This order was just for me.
    I'm damn sure I didn't make a mistake.
     She told me to get out, to get out of a DAMN food court.
    I think this is a part of a bigger problem, a growing service culture of attitude and arrogance in Oakland and you're starting to see it in SF.
    I'm not sure what is causing the growth of a terrible service culture.
    It is a culture that lacks accountability, responsibility, and respect.
    As a restaurant, you live and die by your patrons.
    Each patron is an asset, extremely valuable, and deserving of respect.
    Sure, every restaurant runs into their troll or exceptionally rude customer, but even in this situation, it makes more business sense to take the high road and appease the customer.
    Who knows? maybe this growing attitude in the service culture is a response to Yelp, online trolls, and people constantly sh!&amp;&amp;ing on restaurants.
    Whatever it is, you should never act the way this owner and cashier acted toward me-- irresponsible, immature, condescending, defensive, and hostile.
   While I will never say their tortas are bad because that would be lying, I actually think they are pretty damn good, I will never spend a dollar at a place that lacks the proper decorum.
   Delicious food.
     Just had a quesadilla and pozole.
     So good!  Will definitely be back.
   Got the huevos cuauhtemoc, breakfast tacos, iced horchata latte, and a mimosa.
    The homemade tortillas make this place.
    HOWEVER, the price and limited seating puts a damper on the experience.
    A great place to try, but doubt becoming a regular.
   We dined on the Saturday specials.
     Chilaquiles, one with a smokey salsa Rojo and one with Verde both were well prepared and tasty as were the Wild shrimp tacos.
     Everything was very fresh and made to order.
     They have a good selection of beer &amp; wine.
    It is located in the historic Swan Market building &amp; shares an open dining area with another restaurant &amp; a bar.
     You order, find a table and they deliver to your table.
    It was a lovely fall day and they open the doors and had tables on the sidewalk in addition to the dining hall.
    It is kid friendly.
   Yesterday was the second time that I ate at Cosecha, and we came specifically for the Chicken Mole Verde blue plate special that is available on Mondays.
   The first time I had tried Cosecha was on a Friday night when they were featuring Wild Shrimp Tacos.
    They were incredible.
   To me, it is hard to find a fabulous Mexican food/restaurant.
    A Mexican restaurant that doesn't put a fusion twist on it, a Mexican restaurant that doesn't charge an arm and a leg for ordinary.
    You can find ordinary almost anywhere in the Bay Area.
    It's usually always the same.
    My best friend growing up was first generation Mexican.
    The family would get together and cook big regional meals from old family recipes.
    Out of the ordinary, but not necessarily worthy of the hype everyone tends to give for something "out of the ordinary", but it allowed for me to be exposed to really GOOD, "non-traditional" Mexican food at a young age.
   I LOVE Cosecha.
    I love that they don't have a huge 3 page menu.
    I love that their food is incredibly fresh.
    I love how clean their kitchen appears to be.
    and I love that you can see part of their cooking process.
    Good wait staff too!The food here is like eating someone's secret recipes.
     The food has a "slight" twist to the ordinary, and almost akin to eating in someone's family home.
   The Chicken Mole Verde was fantastic (not your typical mole sauce made with chocolate).
    Consecha's sauce had a little bit of bite/heat to it, but it was spicy without burning your mouth, and without lasting effect.
    So pleasant to eat! To top it off, the chicken was nicely shredded and topped off with roasted pumpkin seeds, and a few slices of avocado.
    The beans.
   not your refried variety, were cooked to the right consistency, not overcooked and falling apart and nicely flavored, as was the rice which also was not your typical Mexican rice.
    It was white rice, though it did not taste like plain white rice.
    I'm sure that also had a secret ingredient.
    Served with warm corn tortillas.
   Did I mention that Cosecha has absolutely the best Horchata that I have ever had? It's not thick, it's not watery, it has a hint of cinnamon.
    I would like a glass of it every single day! Very refreshing during warm weather too.
   The food presentation is lovely and equal to any upscale restaurant.
    Each blue plate special had a nice cloth under each plate.
    The plates themselves were very nice earthenware.
    I just can't say enough about the entire experience.
   As others have said, Cosecha is in the old Swann's marketplace and is more like an open air food court.
     You place your order at the counter, and they bring it to your table.
    If you are hooked on burritos at Chipotle, I would not suggest you go here.
     If you are looking for really good, out of the ordinary, quality Mexican food with that "slight" twist, this is the place for you.
    Not cheap, but not expensive for what you get.
    P.
   S.
     The food portions are perfect, but not "super sized".
     If you are a big eater, you may want to get an appetizer.
   Can't wait to go back!.
   Cosecha is pretty good and I have only been here twice.
    Most recently for brunch.
    I got the Chilaquiles and we split the waffle.
    The waffle was like butta! The Chilaquiles were really good, but couldn't eat the whole thing.
    It's on the pricer side, but good nonetheless.
   Food was delicious!!! Ordered the quesadilla with peppers and braised pork.
    The tortilla was delicious.
    It tasted freshly made.
    The pork was tender.
    It looked small when they brought it out but it was quite filling!! Pomegranate margarita was pretty good, a bit strong.
    The horchata latte looked good will def try that next time.
   Fantastic place! Cosheca is honestly the reason I even started writing yelp reviews.
    I had the pleasure of trying their fish tacos, which were so fresh and had incredible flavor.
    The pinto beans really sealed the deal for me as they had just the perfect amount of seasoning and texture and really complimented the dish.
    Also tried their horchatta latte, which was simply genius.
    Service was very efficient and friendly and my food arrived promptly after ordering.
    I cannot recommend Cosecha enough! Already craving their fish tacos as I write this review.
   Ok those shrimp tacos on Friday are LEGIT.
    We went other times and food was good but didn't knock my socks off.
    We WILL be back for these tacos ASAP!.
   Came on a Saturday for take out brunch.
     Had the wild shrimp tacos, strawberry lime drink.
     Amazing!  Even more so was the fact that I got a free chocolate chip cookie.
    All was delicious.
   contemplating going back for more!  Definitely my new go to for brunch in Old Oakland!.
   I've been on the hunt for really good Mexican food since moving to the bay area - living in San Diego (aka, California's Best Border Town) spoiled me rotten.
    There I was treated to the best guacamole and fish tacos north of Mexico.
    When I heard about Cosecha, I was over the moon.
    but while my high expectations probably weren't very helpful, this was definitely not a 5-star experience.
    The restaurant is buried in a warehouse maze - an interesting space, just a liiiiittle hard to navigate.
    We had a table reserved, thanks to a friend who plans ahead - but there was no one available to ask about said table.
    There was 1 server running around like a madwoman, and 1 guy at the cash register taking/filling orders, but no one else.
    People were wandering around uncertain as to whether they should seat themselves or wait to be seated.
    we finally went to the wine store next door (which has no door/sign/anything marking it as a separate entity) hoping to get our questions answers.
    The place just seemed completely disorganized.
   So here's how it works! It's family-style self-seating at long picnic tables, unless you make a reservation, and then you can get a private table in the back.
    If you wait for a server to seat you or come to your table, you'll wait forever - order at the front counter, by the register.
    The menu &amp; specials are listed on a chalkboard on the wall, but beware: we'd come for the night's special, wild shrimp tacos, but they were sold out by 6pm.
    We were baffled - it was early and the place wasn't even crowded.
    Not cool to sell out of your Dinner Special at the beginning of dinnertime.
    They also need more staff on the floor - for 40 minutes we had water but no glasses.
    Which went well with our chicken/pork tortillas that were missing tortillas.
   The food was good - the kind of good you're psyched to eat, but not the kind of good you'd return for.
    We tried the grilled chicken achiote - chicken marinated in achiote with rice, beans &amp; handmade tortillas, and the carne adovada - braised pork with chile guajillo, beans, rice &amp; tortillas.
    Really good guacamole!! The tortillas were handmade and delicious; the rest of the dish was fresh but unremarkable.
    The people who work here are incredibly nice - but they're also really overwhelmed.
    Maybe now that Cosecha is so popular, they'll make it more user friendly.
   ?.
   Mmmmm!!! Pork belly taco.
    Never had anything like that before.
    You probably think I'm crazy but it had a savory cotton candy like taste.
    Awesome haha.
    The horchata was a little gritty.
    The chicken taco also had amazing flavor and was very tender.
   Food court dinning with excellent Mexican food at a moderate price.
     All of the salads are quite nice as well as the Carnitas and tacos.
     It is great on Fridays when the Farmer's market is open.
   Staying in downtown Oakland, we checked out Yelp for a good place for dinner.
    Interestingly, on Saturday night, not to many restaurants seem to be open in downtown.
    We found this place interesting per the description, plus it wasn't far from our hotel.
   It's an interesting concept for a restaurant.
    Only a limited menu but the restaurant is more like an upscale cafe stall.
    It's in conjuction with several other similar eateries each having different types of food, like pizza, oysters, all with a common eating  area between them.
     We had the quesadillas and also ordered a margherita  pizza from the pizza stall.
    Very tasty food!! I would have given 4/5 stars, but the portions were really small for the prices paid.
   We're all surely spoiled with the great eats at Swan's Marketplace - my usual entry point is through Rosamunde and I've never quite made it far enough to get to Cosecha - fortunately I went on a Monday when things are just a bit more mellow and conducive to browsing.
    I tried the pork torta with what appeared to be twice fried tortilla chips (no complaints there) and fresh guac - the food was exactly what I was hoping for and the portions were fair.
     Now, spending $17 on a torta, chips &amp; a sparking water is definitely excessive and arguably insane but Cosecha isn't the odd ball when it comes to the modern urban lunch pricing that is nearing $20/person so it's hard to hold that against them.
   The menu is simple and from the looks of the other patrons plates all of the various dishes are a hit - definitely worth a shot.
   especially if you're in the mood for Cholita Linda style food on a Monday (they're closed).
   Simple, and súper delicioso! Had the Blue Plate fish tacos and both my parents - who are hard to please- loved them! Also, the small black bean soup is savory and light.
    We topped it off with the cucumber-lime drink which was perfect.
    Tan delicioso que ni siquiera podimos tomar foto de la comida comimos tan rápido!.
   I can't possibly express how much I love Cosecha, or Swans Market Place as a matter of fact.
    The market never disappoints, and I never had anything I didn't love at Cosecha.
    We started with salsa and guacamole.
    We could tell the salsa was fresh and made with heirloom tomatoes from the color of it.
    The flavor of the salsa was vibrant and the guacamole was fresh and perfectly seasoned.
    Then we had the fish taco and pork belly taco.
    The fish was fresh, with nice and crispy flaky batter.
     Pork belly was juicy on the inside and nicely charred on the outside.
    And oh my god, the chocolate chip cookie! So good!.
   The food may be ok but the organization and service are terrible.
    The help is incompetent and indifferent.
    Our most recent experience had them losing our order after we paid, and they didn't even have a record of it, and they hadn't given us a receipt.
    After over 40 minutes of waiting for our order, and being repeatedly told, It's coming right up.
    They conceded they hadn't placed our order and didn't even know what we ordered.
    We asked that they just give us what was available but that wasn't acceptable, so we would have to wait another 40 minutes to try again.
    So about then we demanded our money back and left.
    Previously we had asked a server to clean our table because it was cluttered and dirty from the previous diners.
    One young man took part of their junk, didn't wipe the table and never came back.
    We asked two more times before someone was willing to give us a clean table.
   Blue plate fish tacos are a rip off.
     Quality was fine, but you pay close to $13 for two tiny tacos that are smaller than an appetizer anywhere else.
     Chips and salsa are not even included.
    I won't be coming here again.
   I think they've done away with the $10 minimum on credit/debit cards? I came back here the other day with a major craving for their veggie torta, and they accepted my debit card.
    Yay!.
   Oakland is definitely up and coming and this market is apart of the gentrification process.
     This place has a wine bar and they are installing some other restaurants to make it into a modern food court cooperative.
     The lamb and beans were good, pork tacos were EXCELLENT (YOU MUST TRY) and the crab ceviche was ok.
     The blood orange, pine nuts, and chicken salad was delicious.
     I had the special hibiscus tequila cocktail and it was pretty good.
     I appreciate everything is made from scratch!The service is quick and efficient.
     Erico was really nice, not to mention extremely cute and charming.
     This place closes at 9:30 p.
   m.
    Friday night so make sure you come early enough time to talk, eat and drink!  Parking was easy on 9th street.
   Honest, solid, yummy Mexican food.
    High quality meats really pack the punch in flavor.
    Generally not a huge pork belly fan, but the pork belly tacos were amazing.
    The braised beef tacos I loved even more.
    Quesadillas were outstanding! Thick, scrumptious cheeses and vegetables sandwiched between homemade, rich, flavorful tortillas.
    House made chips and guacamole really sealed the deal for me.
    Do yourself a favor and have a Mexican mocha.
    or two! Sooo good! Not a fan of sweet coffee? The horchata iced latte is delightful.
    A must have to complete the Cosecha experience!.
   I've been back to this place 2 weekends in a row now b/c right around Friday night at 7:30, I start dreaming about those cornmeal waffles that they only make on the weekends.
     $12 for a waffle isn't cheap (includes fruit + cream), but why budget your cravings?I've also had the Pozoles which is nice and spicy and good on a chilly cloudy day.
    Have also enjoyed the shrimp tacos, the mushroom quesadillas and the pork tacos - all are decent (but not exceptionally better than what I might find at my local taco trucks), but the waffles - that's what I come here for.
   Unfortunately, for my first try at Cosescha the chef must have been out for the day.
    I ordered the special of the day, to-go after a long day.
    I got home and excitedly opened my dinner only to be greeted by a sad, sad little flake of fish with only a wilted piece of lettuce and a few slices of peppers.
    It actually prompted me to take my first yelp picture it was so pathetic.
    To add insult to injury, I now have to go back out to grab a real dinner.
    I should have checked the box so I could have rectified on the spot, but the reviews gave me the sense that I was in good hands.
   The last time we ate here they weren't officially open for dinners and we got in by sending an email and getting into one of their community dinners.
    We had a great meal and sat at a community table next to this really nice couple who were just starting their catering business while still working full time at their day jobs.
     Fast forward to now.
   their business has taken off (S+S Gastro Grub).
   and we finally get a chance to use them for an upcoming company holiday party!  I tell this part because you can never underestimate the power of the community table in a town like Oakland.
   and Cosecha gave us a warm and fuzzy feeling from the very beginning.
   Stopped in with daughter for a wonderful lunch today.
     One bite of the yam quesadilla and I couldn't stop talking about it.
     Just tasted so "real.
   " The tortilla was flavorful and the whole thing didn't need the sauces that came with it on the side.
    Daughter had the queso fundido and the pozole and liked them both.
    We also had the horchata which was very good.
   I timed it badly that I came on a Monday, because there are no seafood taco offerings on Mondays.
    It would be nice to always have fish tacos on the menu.
   but maybe that's fine, as then I wouldn't have tried the yam quesadilla!  Lovely atmosphere and super friendly service.
    We'll be back sooner this time!.
   Jackpot.
     Blue Plate Special - fish tacos, with beans and avocado garnish.
    Twelve bucks.
     Superb.
    Crisp, flaky fry outside and soft, luscious fish inside.
    The beans were so savory.
    This happening joint is in a big warehouse filled with other places doibg the same deal.
    Large tables are available allowing people to meet and mingle.
    Water is on all the tables.
      So groovy!.
   I wanted a meal, not an overpriced "quick snack.
   " Two little shrimp tacos for fifteen bucks? No gracias.
    It wasn't quick either.
    Left annoyed and hungry--won't be back.
   I came on a Thursday hoping to get my fish taco fix but was sadly disappointed.
    How are two very small tacos with a side of plain ol' rice and black beans supposed to fill you up for $13? Topping the fish tacos were large pieces of jalapeño which overpowered what little fish I ate.
    In addition we got an order of tortilla chips and salsa.
    The chips were extremely oily and the salsa came in a small container which we had to ask for a second filling because we were hungry still.
    I do like the market but don't think I'll be ordering from here again.
   Fancy, super hip, beautifully presented "Meso- American" twist on Mexican food.
    Familiar and surprising at the same time.
    Sangria was excellent!!! Pico de gallo was exceptional.
    Located in middle of downtown with lots of access to drinks or dancing afterwards.
    Portions are medium/small and prices are moderate/high- don't arrive starving.
    Would definitely stop by again for a pre-drinks fancy snack.
   Its pricey, but this place has the best food i have ever had.
    Especially the pork in the pork belly tacos.
    Soo perfect.
   I've been here a few times and am every time so impressed.
    The ingredients are absolutely as fresh, seasonal, and creative as they claim, and the execution of flavors is clearly well-conceived.
    This place would be easy to miss, so if you're in the area and love delicious, thoughtful, and bold Mexican food, don't miss Cosecha!.
   Best zucchini tacos I ever ate!  Guacamole was amazing, too.
   1.
    I want to marry the chef2.
    Best chocolate chip cookie outside of the ones my mom made when I was growing up.
    3.
    Get the corn - it will make you want to (see #1).
   Amazing atmosphere.
    In a busy area of Oakland you can find this precious food court that has a home feeling.
    And Cosecha seriously serves you real Mexican food topped with elegant balance of flavors, also thanks to Dominica ( Chez Panisse for years ).
   I was walking to my car after lunch and looked to see what Cosecha's daily special was and saw Mole Verde con Pollo.
    There's always room for another taco right? $3.
   97 including tax.
   They've reduced the diameter of their handmade taco tortillas with the same amount of meats &amp; sauce making a much better balance between fillings &amp; tortillas.
    The taco comes topped with fresh white onions and pepitas (and usually cilantro yelp.
   com/biz_photos/bGc4…).
   Tender and moist (poached?) chicken.
    The mole is lightly rich and mildly spicy.
    They've had different moles for the Monday Chicken Mole special so call ahead, if you're looking for a specific type (Negro, Poblano, Verde, etc.
   ).
   Seriously? Don't knowI don't know what the big deal is.
    Fish tacos were ok.
    Nicely deep fried fish sitting on a piece of lettuce, sitting on corn tortilla with some aioli dripped on it.
    Unremarkable.
    Chicken tacos less remarkable.
    They did not have the quesadillas available (half the menu).
       Horchata the sweetest I've ever tasted which, for me, not a plus.
    We ordered chips and salsa and got 10 stale chips and 1 tablespoon of salsa.
    Go to the Tacos El Gordo taco truck on International in Oakland for much better food at 1/4 the price!.
   Had the fish tacos.
    They were decent but not worth the price.
    Portions are small, service was disinterested at best.
    Cool spot though, lots of potential.
   Holy frijol, Cosecha is delicious!I usually find fancier Mexican food to be suspect, but hey, I don't see any taco trucks in Downtown Oakland, and Cosecha has rave reviews.
    This hesitation was before I knew that they have butternut squash quesadillas.
    Had I known I would have made like a jumping bean and come pronto.
    This butternut squash quesadilla is amazing-and you have the option of adding meat or keeping it vegetarian.
    The carnivore prevailed and their delicious grilled chicken was added.
    That Oaxacan cheese is a lipid lovers dream-so good.
     Their tacos I had on my second visit didn't dazzle me, but not much would after trying my drug of choice, the bnsquash quesadilla.
    I could definitely taste that the housemade tortilla and meats were quality, though.
    Love the open air space, friendly service (the owner gave me a free oatmeal cookie hotouttadaoven), and boon to one of Oakland's most picturesque blocks.
    I'll definitely be back to reap what Cosecha is sowing.
   No stars the food was horrible.
     The quesadillas were disgusting &amp; bland.
     I tired to change my order they refused to give me another plate &amp; give me my money back.
      She said that the shrimp was to expensive.
     Never again will I come back here.
     Rude rude rude.
   Sometimes, I just have to scratch my head and wonder about people's taste.
     Yes, it's subjective.
     But I can't for the life of me figure out why this restaurant gets such rave reviews.
    Is there such a dearth of good Bay Area restaurants?  After seeing this on Check Please, Bay Area and realizing that this place was just around the block from my work, I was excited to try it.
     I ordered the Blue Plate Special of crispy shrimp tacos and a cup of the pozole.
     The tacos came with a side of pinto beans with small slices of avocado on top.
     The fried shrimp inside the taco was extremely greasy, and the oil tasted stale.
     There was absolutley no flavor in the shrimp taco unless you put the chipotle cream sauce on it.
     The tortillas were homemade, fresh and declicious.
     The pinto beans were bland and needed seasoning.
     The pozole was good (served with fresh tortillas), but had way too much cabbage in it (it was basically cabbage with a little broth) and a few hominy kernels.
     The taste of the broth was great, albeit a little too spicy for me (and I like hot).
   Oh, I also had a chocolate chip cookie - which was tasty, but clearly just a Nestle Toll House cookie recipeOverall, I would not go back again.
     I would rather have good, authentic street tacos from a taco truck then to have poorly done Mexican fusion.
   Great for lunchCasual, airy spaceOrder at the counter and food arrives promptly at your tableChicken tacos are good.
     Waitress thought we ordered the pork belly and she got super excited until we told her it was the chicken.
     So next time we'll have to try the pork belly and see what all the excitement was about.
   Chips, salsa &amp; guacamole are also yummy as a filler.
   Lunch special - two tacos &amp; agua fresca = $9Not a bad deal.
   My bf and I thoroughly enjoyed our food at Cosecha.
    We got the fresh tortilla chips with salsa and guacamole as well as the pozole.
    The ingredients were very fresh and flavorful and we were happy with our selection.
    The mimosas seemed to use fresh squeezed orange juice.
     Five stars for the food.
    Service-wise, there is room for improvement.
    My bf and I both ordered pozole and his came out very nice, and mine looked very sloppy and missing the toppings that he got.
    I value toppings more than he does, so I was very disappointed.
     The waitress reluctantly offered to get me more toppings, but never returned.
    My over-easy eggs also came out sunny side up and I had to request it to be corrected, luckily it came out fine.
   Tacos here will cost you an arm and a leg but you are definitely paying for good quality products.
    The pork belly tacos washed down with a horchata is highly recommended.
   Very good, very straightforward but surprisingly sophisticated Mexican food.
    Think more a casual, "Frontera Grill" than a "Chevy's".
    You will not find everything slathered in cheese to the point of being a formless blob, bathed in a sea of refried beans.
    The spices are the main draw, and it's fresh and fantastic.
   It's counter service, and there are some great and affordable Happy Hour specials.
    There's also a super cute, kinda flirty guy at the counter, which doesn't hurt either.
    ;)Definitely coming back!.
   We were there for dinner last night.
    The atmosphere is interesting: trendy food court of Swan's market.
   Everything we had was awesome.
    We've tried the fish tacos (delicious), the pork belly tacos (amazing), grilled squash with corn and pumpkin-seed chile (awesome) and the mango-kumquat salad (mmmmmh).
    Their drink and desert menu is on the short side but gosh, the food is good.
   I've eaten at Cosecha twice, now, and this second dining experience has really confirmed for me that this place is committed to homey, artisan like food with seasonal and fresh ingredients.
    I had the Blue Plate Special- fish tacos with a huge, savory bowl of black beans.
     The beans alone were so perfectly seasoned and warm and tender with a lovely gravy/like sauce -- almost a really thick black bean soup.
   The fish tacos were composed of pieces of fried cod, a sour cream chipotle sauce, one slice of jalapeño, and some cabbage in a corn tortilla.
     Beautifully fried fish that had a very delicate and light texture.
     The service was super excellent and friendly and very respectful-- really top notch service.
     Furthermore, the young man who served me recommended their house hot sauce-- which was bright with a great kick.
   The ambience is of an open air market; very comfortable and pleasant.
     I am so lucky this place is two blocks from my office, and it's just perfect for lunch.
   I really like the ambiance of this place.
     Well, depends, I would imagine you may run into the occasional individuals who think they own the place because of their privileged lives (but that's another story).
   I ordered the fish tacos here (comes with black beans and rice) along with the Chips and Guac.
     For the beverage, I got the horchata latte which is pretty awesome.
     The fish tacos, beans, and rice were pretty good but for $13 bucks, I cannot say it's worth it.
     I must say though that the chips, salsa, and guac were very very good and I would pay the same amount for that item.
     My bill came out to be about $22 bucks.
     Service: I would like to thank the employee who brought the food to the tables, and also took our dishes away later on.
     Very nice and courteous.
     5 stars for him!Would I come back?  Maybe under the right circumstances but would not go out of my way to.
   Ok the huevos cuahutemoc are solid!.
   Great authentic mexican food! Ran into this place, I had the quesadillas best ones I have ever had at a restaurant! Homemade fresh tortillas! I will be back.
   Food was excellent, atmosphere is hip.
     We ordered the yam and cheese quesadilla for the little ones and they enjoyed it.
     I ordered the pork mole.
     It was extremely too spicy and the chef provided me with something less spicy that I could share with the kids.
   Cosecha = Delicious beyond words I can't have enough type of food !!! Cosecha  is home to me :) I worked at Cosecha for lil over two years.
    Even thoe I no longer work there I still come back to enjoy the food with out the work lol everything is so delicious full of flavor I could eat any plate but I must have to say my all time faves would be them shrimp tacos follow by some pork belly tacos it literally melt in your mouth and I can't forget about my mushroom quesadilla with pork.
    If we talking brunch CHILAQUILES VERDES POR FAVOR !! but no matter what I get here it always need to come with a side of beens.
    Those beans OMG I remember taking my lunch break and asking for a plate of beens with chicken, sour cream, pico de gallo, Guac and salsa verde sooo simple yet so amazing.
    (To bad this is not a menu item :( sorry non workers of Cosecha) my now husband (boyfriend when I work at Cosecha ) LOVES them and he not a beens fan, for him me going to cosecha with out him is the end of the world.
    He would be like "but you know I love cosecha " Indeed we do and not only do we love Cosecha but do we love even more its owner and chef Dominica with out her we wouldn't have Cosecha !! She's just amazing I don't know who is happier us when we go or her when she see us.
    I would always go back to Cosecha no other food can compare.
    I love recommending Cosecha because I know I would get that "OMG the food is amazing I can't wait to go back thank you " hahaha never fails.
    I would deff bring my future kids for a kids quesadilla while sipping on a HORCHATA LATTLE I sure gone need that caffeine but it would be a treat as well :).
   Cosecha is a really casual spot- you order at the counter and they deliver the food to your table.
    The shrimp tacos were great, and the breakfast torta was hearty and delicious!Come early if you want the horchata latte- they were already out by 1:30 :( Well, come early in general.
    They ran out of chips before we got there too.
   Locally sourced ingredients with a focus on social justice.
    She trained at Chez Panisse.
    He's a professor at Cal State East Bay.
    How could you not support this fabulous restaurant?!.
   Excellent food.
    Everything I've tried has been absolutely delicious.
    I grew up in Santa Ana and have traveled extensively throughout Mexico and Latin America and can say that the food here is quite authentic and definitely flavorful.
   The green mole is fantastic and the handmade tortillas are a treat.
    I highly recommend the queso fundido.
   Great Mexican joint.
    However, the portions are very small for a high price.
    I would suggest the tortas, over the the tiny tacos ($3.
   65) and pork belly tacos ($4.
   50).
    If you want good tacos for a reasonble price, head over to Mi Rancho taco truck on 1st ave and 14th street.
   Food was good, can taste the quality.
    Pricing for a shop like this was way off.
    15 bucks for two tacos.
   So let me start with what is good: the food is decent and the seating area is nice and good for large groups as you can order at the counter, share large tables, etc.
    Staff are also kind.
    That said, the PRICE IS BEYOND the far reaches of reasonable.
    $15 for two tiny tacos and a bunch of white rice (and no chips included) is totally incommensurate with the prices and portions of other high end counter-order taquerias in the area like picante or tacubaya, even accounting for the cost of special ingredients like shrimp, etc.
   original review, September 2014 (update below):WOW.
    I was expecting over-priced and small portions, after reading the gourmet menu -- But I got decent portions of gourmet served in sustainable to-go containers (no petroleum products, no plastic -- all recycled and compostable packages), for a reasonable price and very quickly.
    I ordered tacos and bean soup to go, on my way to an evening job.
    It was served with a side of beans, rice and tortillas.
    I had enough for lunch the following day as well.
    EVERY part of the order was outstanding -- The sauces, the garnish, the raw ingredients - all of the highest quality and absolutely delicious! Spicy enough to satisfy my preference for extra chili pepper.
    I also appreciate the ambiance of the place -- I was expecting pretentious, but it's like an open cafeteria with several options and a communal eating area.
    The server was quick and helpful.
    I will be eating here regularly.
     Genuine 5 stars.
   ** UPDATE June 2015: I had to downgrade my initial 5-star rating to 4-star.
    (See original review, above).
    Unfortunately, the past several times I've visited Cosecha, the server has skimped on portions, with my containers of beans, rice, and guacamole only half-filled.
    Come on, it's expensive enough with those little containers filled up.
    I've noticed that I get more generous portions from certain servers, on certain days + times.
    Less on others.
    I wish it were consistent.
    .
   This place is overpriced for the food that you get.
     Seems to follow the food truck trend.
     Not recommended.
   I give this spot a 4 due to service being slow.
    I ordered and waited for my drink for some time and funnily asked for it.
    Maybe the drink with meal is the norm.
    The vibe is casual and cool but you will hit business lunches as well in full dress.
    The food is a farm-to-table concept.
    The tacos are tasty.
    They use a single tortilla.
    The braised beef has a dark, spiced sauce that was nice.
    The chicken had great flavor as well.
    Don't expect a massive menu.
   Last time I was here, their special wasn't actually a deal, it was just an item from the menu that was featured and written on a board, but it wasn't cheaper or 'on special' in any way.
    We ordered it, and it said it came with cornbread, but it did not.
    I asked and they said they were out of cornbread, although they did not offer to supplement with something else.
    Small portions for a high price.
   A really nice and open location, with ample seating and a friendly environment.
    I tried the crispy tacos special, which came with 2 crispy pork tacos (there's also a vegetarian option), pinto beans, and avocado salsa.
    The tacos were actually pieces of pork wrapped in thick, fried taco shells.
    I was disappointed that there wasn't any filling like lettuce or tomatoes, but the avocado salsa was so delicious I was fine just dipping my tacos in that.
    Definitely a new experience and fun to eat! The beans were very tasty as well.
   Came back on a few other occasions and tried the fish tacos and the shrimp tacos.
    The shrimp are HUGE (since they're wild caught) and super juicy/flavorful.
    The fish tacos were a bit of a let-down.
    I feel like the fish alone isn't flavorful enough to warrant a lack of fillings.
    (All the fish tacos had were cabbage, sauce, and a sprig of cilantro) Overall, it's pretty pricy for the amount of food you get.
    Definitely not one of the cheapest options around, but I guess you need to pay for the quality.
    And the wait during the lunch rush can be pretty long.
   Had really good lunch here.
   Prices are reasonable, but the atmosphere is very casual.
    You order at the counter.
   We shared the posole.
    it was so good.
    Lots of cilantro and it had some heat to it.
    Might be too much for some people.
   I had the crimini mushroom quesadilla.
    It was perfectly grilled.
    The salsa that came with it was very good.
    And the guacamole was right on.
    Right amount of spice and lime.
   My SO's wild shrimp tacos were good.
    Two fried shrimps in each taco.
     But the side of beans was little bland.
   Oh and we had a choc chip cookie, free for asking.
    It was on the counter.
   I would be definitely back.
   When this place first opened I had the same complaints as some other reviewers here - high prices, small portions, indifferent service.
     Here's the thing though:  This place has seriously upped its game over the past few months, to the point it is now cranking out some of the best food in the bay area.
     No joke, this place is worth a special pilgrimage, especially on mole Monday.
     The mole verde is just OUT OF THIS WORLD good.
   I almost always get the blue plate special.
     It's a reasonable sized portion and the food is just exquisite.
     Sure it's a little pricier than most east bay tacquerias (more at an SF level), but the quality and sophistication of the food more than merit the (still very reasonable) price.
     They make their own tortillas and all the ingredients are absolutely top notch.
     The presentation is also really well done.
   I like the set-up, too.
     It's a particularly nice place to eat on a sunny day, with the open air feel and outside tables.
   Finally, the service has gotten noticeably friendlier over the past few months.
     A trend I hope will continue.
   It was definitely time to upgrade my review to five stars.
    I come here multiple times a week.
    This is my neighborhood spot and I always feel welcome.
    Love that the menu changes seasonally.
   I'm not sure what happened to the people who got bad service because when I went the service was perfect and very friendly.
    I had dinner here on a Saturday night with my wife and we loved it, the location is great and historic the food was very good, fresh, great quality ingredients and good sized portions.
   The homemade chips are fresh crispy and really tasty, the tortillas are handmade warm tender and awesome, the beans are really good overall just super good mexican food, I recommend it.
   I am excited to see restaurants taking a chance with mexican food and not doing the same old taqueria thing.
   The food is decent.
    Pricing of the tacos is a bit expensive.
    The customer service could use improvement.
    I will most likely not return due to the manner in which I was spoken to when I wanted modifications to my meal.
   Love their shrimp taco and posole soup, love the food, love the ambiance!.
   Really cool atmosphere.
    I absolutely LOVED the music selection.
    Could've turned the music down  a little (it was a little distorted).
    Drinks were great, well priced.
    Friendly bar staff.
    I'd recommend to friends.
   Definitely a dive.
    Terrible DJ.
    And I don't just mean that they didn't play my kind of music.
   I mean that the music was all over the place: just when the dancing got started, the music would shift to something totally undance-able.
    But on the upside, it's easy to find.
    And there's a lot of seating, which I loved.
   The Night Light was quite the surprise discovery.
    I met up with some friends for a birthday celebration on Friday night that kicked off at Plank in Jack London Square.
    After finishing up a game of bowling, we were in need of a new bar for the rest of the evening.
    Luckily one of my friends knew about about The Night Light, so we made the short walk over.
    I was expecting a mediocre dive spot when we first entered, but my first impressions were corrected in short order.
   There is apparently an upstairs area that is used for concerts but we stayed in downstairs area.
    With regard to the downstairs portion of the place, there is a bar with stools that runs the length of the place, some more comfy seats along the opposite wall, and a DJ booth and small dance floor at the far end.
    I thought I was going to bumping into people all night long, but to my pleasant surprise, everyone was extremely chill and there was plenty of space on the dancefloor despite a healthy crowd.
    The DJ played a great mix of hip hop throughout the night.
    Ignoring an initial failed attempt at making an Old Fashioned, the rest of the cocktails for the evening were well-made and tasty.
    The drinks were also reasonably priced (3 for $24 before tip).
   If in the Jack London Square area and looking for a good place to dance and grab a drink, definitely checkout The Night Light.
   The Night Light might look divey from the outside, but the downstairs portion is great for large groups, has a lively, fun vibe on weekend nights, and offers decently priced drinks that pack quite a punch.
    The upstairs portion often hosts live acts for a modest cover.
   As with many Oakland establishments, it's the clientele that really makes things, and, true to Oakland's reputation, the crowds here are diverse and friendly.
    Worth a visit either for chilling out downstairs or checking out a live act upstairs.
   Oh, hello white people of Oakland.
    Are we cramping your 'style'? Oops.
    Concerning when a bar experiences an influx of a color unbeknownst to them and makes it completely obvious.
    Thank you, we hardly noticed.
   On the intro act, the power went out 3 times.
    I missed most of the headline act b/c i had to catch the last BART train.
    They couldn't hire an electrician to check the system first.
    :(.
   I come here mostly for The Hanging Garden nights, which I might add are now TWO FLOORS of all my favorite classic goth, new wave and synthpop (read: dance club!)  Highly recommend going early it does get packed but you will have fun and get sweaty!.
   My friend and I were in the bay area for the weekend.
    We were walking down Washington St and heard Michael Jackson playing, so we went in!Super fun night! Very chill and laid back, cheap drinks, great DJ and good times.
    Everyone who was there just wanted to have a good time.
    The bouncer was funny and inviting.
    If you're in the area, go and have fun!.
   The Night Light is a perfectly serviceable little bar, upstairs over another bar.
     There's not much to the venue, it's just one room and fairly small, but it's got that dive bar vibe that I like so much.
    The decor, the velvet wallpaper, and the dim lighting all give it a casually-classy speakeasy look.
    The staff and bartender were all friendly, we got our drinks quickly and the cost (for cover and drinks) was reasonable.
    The only issue I had was that the small venue size didn't really work with the event I went to.
    The venue atmosphere worked perfectly for the theme of the event, but there was barely enough standing room for the large crowd, let alone for the swing dancing they were advertising for the event.
    But that was more on the event organizers and not on the bar itself.
    Night Light seems like my kind of bar, a nice dark hidey hole to drink away a few hours with your friends.
    If I lived nearby, I could totally see myself being a regular at the Night Light.
   Came in here to kill some time to eat some sushi next door and ended up staying here longer than usual because of the great service and awesome vibes.
   JOHNNY is the man.
    He greets you as you come in, asks you what drink your in the mood for, let's you know what he has in stock, and makes the drink for you with great taste.
   The man even remembers my name and checks up on me to see how I'm doing .
    from the bar (as I'm seated from across the room)! Love this guy!Johnnyyyyy, you're the man, keep doin what you're doin.
   Loved the bartenders! They took shots of patron with me, little expensive, 10$ per shot but cool people.
    Laid back grungy hipster vibe.
    Music was loud and I felt at home.
   Went to The Night Light to a benefit show for a musician that was slain recently in Oakland.
    The venue seemed really small at first but it was a great night.
    No comments on the drinks or restroom since all I drank was water ( I was the DD) and never had to use the restroom.
    Just beware where you park!! I was lucky enough to end up in the parking garage and we found out that one of the bands vans was broken into before the show even started.
   It was a cool place to chill out after our job's X-Mas party.
     The dj had good music and I kinda forgot I was in Oakland.
   Cool ass people in there!.
   What a gem we found last night! Casual ambiance, no cover, great dj! Photobooth inside but it costs $5.
    Bartenders were nice and didn't have a poor attitude.
    The DJ was playing all the 90 hitters which brought us back.
    We were singing along and dancing.
    If this DJ plays every Saturday night, I wouldn't mind coming back.
   Cool place, great drinks, fantastic staff, and friendly environment.
    Will definitely be back.
   Fun place that I've hit a few times while going to concerts in Oakland.
     After about 5pm they have a DJ in the corner of this dark and leathery place.
     Good music, happy people, good drinks!Mixology is emphasized here with many artisan style cocktails at fair prices.
   I'll be back!.
   The Night Light is the worlds best bar.
    Epic vibe, good drink, truly a solid place to turn up.
    I left my card on the counter not knowing and one of the bar tenders ran it out to me.
    I think his name was Jason or Charles, either way.
    I will be back, but this time I'm bringing my Vape.
   Definitely my favorite bar in Oakland.
    Perfect for some casual after work drinks or weekend partying.
    The bald white dude (Jason I think?) makes the best margarita I've ever had.
    You're missing out if you're not drinking at The Night Light.
   I like this place well enough, but not my favorite place in Jack London Square.
    Last Friday is a good place to be and happy hour price is reasonable.
   Awe, My absolute favorite spot to go in JLS for an after dinner drink and dancing.
    They always have a DJ on the weekends.
    The photo booth is all kinds of fun.
    Cozy couches everywhere in the dark atmosphere.
    The bar area and staff is nice.
    Prices aren't too bad for JLS.
    Looking forward to being back soon.
   This bar seems like it has good vibe and a classy demeanor.
    BUT, the bad apple spoils the bunch.
    I got my change stolen by the bar tender Charles twice! The second time while I was calling him out for such a petty theft.
    His words exactly, "My bar, my money".
    I had good reason to file a report with the BBB.
    Lucky for Night Light owners I was talked down by the superior bar tender Casey.
    Casey not only made me feel comfortable, but returned my stolen change, and insured me Charles would no longer be our server.
    I honestly feel bad for Casey because he has to share his tips with Charles.
    I feel even worse for Charles because he did not even realize he had spoiled his bed enough to offer an apology.
    Customer service is not for everyone but when drugs, alcohol, and ego are in the mix things can become dangerous.
    I had a terrible experience but I would go back if I saw a hot enough girl in there, and poor Charles had been relieved of the stress of a front of house position.
   It's cool bar.
     Those kids who seem to complain, go back to the city.
     Many of us like it just the way it is.
    Chill music, chill staff, chill regulars.
   Great little bar that had Anchor Christmas ale on tap, nudie paintings in ornate frames, and a couple of cool Sunday night DJs that spun some goth and industrial tunes--yes, vinyl.
    Fun times.
   I read so many great reviews about this place I had to check it out.
     Reviews do not lie.
    The place is casual, relaxed, friendly.
    Awesome bartenders and DJ plays excellent music.
    Everyone there seemed to be having a good time.
    Highly recommended if you are from out of town or if you are a local.
   So.
    much.
    whiskey.
    Definitely more than I've ever seen in a dive bar - though I guess this is slightly above that, but not quite one of those pretentious mixology places yet.
    The bartenders are friendly, and took care of everyone, even though they were slammed on a Friday night.
    They checked back in with us regularly, and chatted with us to recommend different scotches.
    They know their stuff, but they don't rub it in your face.
   It seemed like the upstairs bar through the other entrance was for dancing, and downstairs is for drinking.
    Wish they did have a dance floor though, because they were playing great music.
    I'm adding the Night Light to my usual list (The Layover, Bar 355) for the perfect trifecta of bars in Oakland.
   I don't remember much about this place, except that I came after striking out at the other bars nearby.
    It seemed cute (and dark) inside and the drinks were fine (male bartender was super nice and didn't look down on me for getting 'beginner's drinks').
    What I REALLY remember was back to back fantastic 80's songs (along the lines of Fleetwood Mac) and having a great time.
    More people should go and get a better crowd assembled!.
   The Night Light is a quaint lil' spot in Oakland (conveniently across a Dominos).
    The inside is reminiscent of a speakeasy; red walls adorn the room with low lighting and black accents.
    I would say that this spot should admit about 25 people only to allow for ample space, but that's a guestimation on my part.
    Bands play a little too loud for this venue and I would say jazz acoustic music would be preferable (decibel-level wise).
    Overall, a-ok :).
   This place has upstairs and downstairs, both with bars, both accept cards, and both have good service.
     Upstairs also has a stage where they have live music, and the sound quality is surprisingly good.
     Parking is not difficult at night, it is easy to get to and from the freeway, and the cover of $5.
   00 is totally worth it.
     NOTE: The cover only is applicable to upstairs for live music, downstairs has none.
   This place reminds me of those timeswhen you are hanging on the front porch.
   Drinking with your friends.
   Having another one.
   And the fun never ends.
   Or as a kid when you are hanging in the alley.
   Drinking with your friends.
   Having another one.
   The fun never ends.
   Or when you are hanging out at Fest.
   Drinking with your friends.
   Having a great timeand the fun never endsAnd then that timeI was at the Night Light hangin' with Titograbbing some drinks and the fun never seemed to end.
   Until we were going down Broadway to grab him some cigsRho and Dottie show up for a good timebut so do the pigsSo we go back inside the Night Light for another drinkAnd the fun never ends.
   This spot turns out good drinks and seems to cater to a more mature (30s and 40s) clientele, at least on a recent Thursday evening.
    It can get loud, but hey, it's a music venue too.
   Cool and unpretentious pub near Jack London Square.
    They have a good selection of interesting cocktails made with some organic ingredients.
    The decor is Spartan leather and the music is loud, though offering a groovy mix, especially when a live DJ is present.
    The space has the feel of being a warehouse with some furniture and a bar, but it works.
   This place is classy, sexy, hip and overall amazing.
   Will always be my place to go when I need a drink and good company.
    Love you guys, keep rocking it.
   The Night Light (b/w Nation"s &amp; souley vegan) has been resurrected as a sensual drinking hole with brown tones, brown woods and stylish nudes on the woods.
   a relaxed mood is enhanced by the easy listening r &amp; b music.
    space isn't that big.
    you beat the rush by going to happy hours, every day, 4-8-well drinks(4)-draft beers (4?)-specialty drinks ($1 off)drink: gin &amp; tonic (4)-heavy pour, 1 1/2 oz gin, i hearlady from the sea (9)-rum, cane sugar, and ?just a sweet drink.
   on draught-6 micros on draft-bill, the bartender ,is cool, laid back.
   Night light, my you do shine bright! Tucked between Ginza and Nations on Broadway, not too far from Beer Rev and Souley Vegan, It's a stone's throw away from many favorite things.
    Five stars alone for the fact there's another stellar drinking establishment close to my favorite toasty crispy burger.
    For me, Night Light screams, "Ladies, drop your man off at boyfriend daycare (Beer Rev) and come grab a yummy nautical themed cocktail with your girlfriends!" Not to say that boyfriend didn't like it, nono, he did.
    But sometimes, dare I say, it's just not a beer night.
    And sometimes, after said delicious toasty crispy, I'd really enjoy a cocktail.
    The Night Light is brand new.
    Yup, mm that new paint twinge is still there.
    The interior is cush and luxurious.
    Dimly lit with lots of leather seating, it begs the question, is there a nautical wench waiting for a suitor upstairs? It struck me that the design is eerily similar to 355.
    The space, however, is much more open and conducive to lounging.
    I enjoyed the sound they had going.
    Boyfriend and I just stopped in for a quick cocktail on our way home.
    I tried and loved the Wild and Free.
    Boyfriend enjoyed his high on Rye.
    Both were 8 bucks each.
    Didn't break the bank although I wouldn't call it exactly cheap.
    They don't accept credit cards which is a little annoying but nothing we couldn't figure out.
    Night light, I hope you are here to stay.
    Especially if your co-owner Doug was serious about his promise of unlimited free drinks :).
   The owner doug really cares about this place.
    Although I didn't have the best experience here, I am willing to give it another try because doug really takes his work seriously.
   Had a few cocktails to celebrate by birthday after having dinner in the area.
    I was very surprised that this was here.
    I really enjoyed my drink and the furniture was nice.
    The decor makes this spot feel trendy.
    There are mostly dark colors and darker woods used in the decor.
    I also like the wallpaper and it was fuzzy.
    I only wish there was a little more ventilation, it was one hot summer night plus drinks was making it like HOT.
    This is a great spot.
   Really fun place that is off the beaten path of Oakland bars and is always a good stop after Merchant's or Beer Revolution.
    Lucy and Dougie keep the place going great.
     The happy hour prices are awesome.
     For some reason, the bar upstairs is run like a separate entity so each drink costs more so remember to order downstairs.
     Your drink will still be scientifically poured into the jigger and not an extra drop.
   The neighborhood already has some amazing beer spots (Trappist and Beer Revolution), so it's about time a cocktail destination opened.
   I sampled 3 or 4 of the house cocktails and all were great, nice atmosphere and service.
     Predictably quiet on a Tuesday around happy hour, so I hope that things pick up closer to the weekend.
     These guys deserve a crowd.
   Cash only right now, but there is an ATM on site.
   Part divey, part mixology, and full blown hipster.
     If any of those three appeal to you, definitely stop by for a drink at least.
     The venue is really small, but breathes character.
     Everyone from the owner, bartenders, and doorman treats you like a customer.
     Service is fantastic, and they often come socialize with you on less busy nights to make sure everything is up to par.
     This gives me hope that neighborhood divey places that serve mean cocktails are still around.
     You won't hear the "UNCE UNCE UNCE" of EDM or top 40 here.
     Instead you'll find ambient lighting and lounge rock playing.
     Awesome place to catch up with old friends.
     Drinks are definitely stiff.
   Wait staff is not pretentious at all.
   PROTIP:  They make an absolutely mean old fashioned.
     Their whiskey selection is definitely not shabby either.
   Night Light is a great addition to the neighborhood.
    It's a chill, unpretentious bar with a besuited doorman, good bartenders, good drinks, and really good music.
   I haven't gone to any shows yet.
   Classy! Lots of comfortable furniture and space (at least, there was on a weeknight).
    My bartender was kinda daffy but I wasn't in a hurry.
   Saw a show upstairs and really loved it -- the bartender up there was great, the lady at the door danced along, everyone was super nice and nobody was pretentious even though there's a big shelf full of rye.
   My group of friends and I (Oaklanders!) were stoked to check this place out on opening night.
     We got there at 8:30, so it wasn't that late into the evening when we showed up.
   The doorman was awesome.
     He was seriously the best thing about the night!  He gets 5 stars.
   The space looks really nice - the outside arches and fairy lights, the fuzzy interior wallpaper.
     That's 4 stars.
     Probably the worst thing about the experience was -- when we met the doorman, we were like "Man! This place is going to be awesome!"  We had really high expectations for what this place was going to be like.
     Plus, our group of friends loves really hard on the Oakland bar scene, and JLS, and were hopeful that there would be a reason to head this way a little more often.
   However, it was really disappointing in the sense that I, and I think most of my friends, really feel no reason to go back here.
     Hence, the 2 stars - "meh.
    i've experienced better.
   "The cocktails on the menu were good tasting (if they had been mixed properly), and similar prices as other bars we love (Chop Bar in JLS, Van Kleef, Make Westing, Layover, etc).
     So that was fine.
   But the service?  The bartender I got a drink from was okay.
     Only problem was that their first cocktail on the menu, the "Old Smokey" (something like that) was already unable to be made due to lack of ingredients.
     Okay, so it's opening night and they're learning, but wouldn't you want to have a lot of the stuff on hand for your headlining cocktail?My drink was okay, but it wasn't mixed up at all, just everything layered, so it got kinda gross cuz I couldn't stir it and so had to drink up all the sweet stuff first, then when I could stir it, it was unbalanced.
   One friend reported that his bartender was actually really mean to him.
     She was repeatedly shouting prices at people (in a not friendly manner, not in an "it's loud in here" manner).
     Also, for other drinks our friends got, the prices seemed to range wildly for the same drink - between $6-9 for the same drink within our group of friends.
   Later, when a friend returned to buy a drink for himself and his partner, he was told by a bartender that he couldn't order a cocktail.
     Even though cocktails are on the menu and the other bartender was making them.
   To be fair, they were probably just understaffed and overwhelmed.
     There seemed to be only two main bartenders, and one third who was partially making drinks and partially running around.
     But why go somewhere to get such disappointing service? You'd think that you'd want to pull out all the stops on opening night, or at least just be prepared with enough staff and ingredients.
     Or if you're not prepared, be friendly and gracious about it - smile maybe?  Most Oaklanders are understanding about shortages of drinks and staff, but not about being treated poorly.
     I'd give this place another chance (based on the doorman alone, actually) to hopefully make some positive changes after a crappy friday night opening.
    They're supposed to also have shows, which I'd go to check out.
    However, there are so many better options that have their stuff together in Oakland, so I'm not in a hurry to go back.
   To illustrate why not, a couple Fridays ago, same group of friends ended up at Van Kleef and the owner was walking around passing out several rounds of complimentary tomatoes with vinegar/sea salt to everyone in the bar.
     And it wasn't a special occasion.
     And there were a lot of people in the bar.
   There's a reason I prefer to stay in Oakland to go out and skip San Francisco, and unfortunately, the Night Light isn't quite there, yet.
     Let's hope they get it together.
   They have velvet wallpaper, leather man chairs and, at least when we were there, a propensity to lure people into many drinks followed by a late night Hulu marathon of Soul Train when you return home, maybe a bit drunk.
    In case you were unaware this entire scenario goes well with whiskey.
    Yes, they have whiskey and they know how to make it into delightful cocktails.
    All of this on their second night.
    Yes, I am looking forward to more of this good in the neighborhood.
   This place is great.
    Always good tunes spinning.
    Really good happy hour.
    Friendly bartenders.
    Great for after work.
   This is literally my girlfriend and my favorite night spot in Oakland.
    We go to shows here regularly upstairs and Doug always gets great acts to come.
    Once you walk into the place the vintage decor and mini living room setups make you feel right at home if you're looking for a cozy place to sit and socialize.
    The DJs are always on point and play the best music but don't go in here expecting top 40 because that just isn't going to happen.
    You can tell its just not a top 40 music kind of place.
    If you want to hear music you have never heard before or something that will bring you back to time in your life when you had a funky hair cut then this is the spot for you.
    The crowd always gets into the music and so does the staff.
    The bar is always making great drinks and have good recommendations.
    Doug is just the coolest guy most personable guy ever.
    He came up and spoke to me and my girlfriend while we dancing at the Brothertiger show and he even danced with us.
    We shared stories and hung out.
    He took us over to the bar and walked behind it to get us drinks and my face went .
    "Are you allowed to do that?" I said and he goes "Yeah.
    I own the Nightlight".
    The rest is history.
    All in all if your a Oakland local or an out of towner anyone can enjoy the awesomeness that is the Nightlight.
    Take all your friends here and introduce yourself to the kind gentleman who is their bouncer because he will remember your face.
    Go here if youre looking for a good time with drinks music and good people.
   At risk of perpetuating gender binaries, I'm going to go out on a limb and call this a man bar.
    Something I, even as a woman, crave from time to time.
    What makes this a man bar, you say? Well, for starters, the clusters of stately brown leather chairs and sofas that look like they've been stolen from the library of an estate.
    Sitting in these chairs makes you yearn for a pipe and scotch on the rocks.
    Then there's the flocked wallpaper, exposed old-timey lighting, and the portraits of nudes languorously hanging from the walls.
    What makes this place awesome is definitely the decor, but there's also a nice variety of liquors and friendly service.
    I'd recommend stopping by on a Sunday when it's not too packed to get a seat.
   Fantastic cocktails.
   Friendly and knowledgeable staff.
     And I love the decor.
   I am only speaking for the bar downstairs as I have never been to the upstairs venue.
   My little old lady heart went aflutter: Edison bulbs over the bar, velvet wallpaper, furniture with feet!  A bar tender with a Dali-meets-Cowboy mustache!! II ordered a whiskey ginger, and he sprinkled a little Worcestershire sauce on top--yum!! The doorman with a bulletproof vest was a teensy unnerving, especially after he clarified he just wore it because he'd been "shot at too many times.
   " All in all, a really fun, adorable bar.
   Went here recently for happy hour.
    what can I say? I'm a fan.
      Love the decor.
     On the day I visited, there were DJs playing good music downstairs, but the volume was kept to a reasonable level so you could still talk to your friends.
    something I appreciate.
     My cocktails were fantastic, and you could tell the bartender takes pride in his work.
     Seriously, some of the best cocktails I've had in ages.
     "I'll be back.
   ".
   Aptly named and well-positioned, the latest addition to Broadway's booming West End is definitely lighting up the night.
   From the stately facade with the carnival-esque lights and Wild Wild West signage to the warm glow of a slew of crystal chandeliers and wall sconces, The Night Light is beaming the modern-urban-oasis-meets-sexed-up-saloon vibe.
   With vintage details abound, like the cash registers, the lush, leather club chairs, the bordello-esque wallpaper and boudoir paintings, the distinct crackle of vinyl over the Hi-Fi, and their own version of Miss Kitty (Miss Megan) behind the bar slingin' high-octane drinks, it's like a step back in time that is right ON time.
   Makes sense coming from the former owners of The Ivy Room in Albany and Kitty's in Emeryville.
    It's not their first trip to the rodeo, they do seem to know a thing or two about attracting and keeping a hip and loyal clientele.
   Works out great for us Oaklanders.
    Now the Uptown Crawl merges with the Downtown Crawl with other great haunts like The Trappist, Beer Revolution, Tamarindo and Haven and the Oaktown party don't stop.
   Freaking awesome.
    The amount of work that these boys put into making this fantastic shows.
    Way to make Oakland even more awesome!! Can't wait to come here when they put the sexy ladies on the wall and when their music venue opens- just freaking awesome!!.
   Not too crowded for a Friday! Good drinks! Good DJ spinnin old school jams.
    Will definitely go back for a relaxed night out with friends.
   This place is amazing.
     I highly recommend for great music, vibes, and drinks!.
   I have been here 2 times now, both were really good experiences.
     We went for happy hour, I was thrilled at the whiskey selections! Tons of different types and a really interesting drink menu.
    The bartenders were both really nice and helpful and the interior is really nice.
   Pretty cool place (ground floor speaking since I didn't get a chance to go upstairs), it definitely gets loud when the music is playing.
     Bartenders are nice and the bouncer is friendly too.
     Comfy chairs and spinning bar stools and prices are reasonable.
     Lots of street parking but may have to drive around the block one or two times.
   This is really the only reason I go out after dark.
    Which, granted, still doesn't happen as often as it should - there are regular awesome shows here featuring a bevy of great local garage bands upstairs, and some excellent DJs downstairs.
    The decor is kind of stunning, the drinks are solid, the staff is a fantastic group of people.
    Usually I'm wary of places that separate the stage/venue from the bar because there can be a weird dis-congruity between crowds, but it works pretty well here.
    Even when there's a less-than-obvious show/DJ match up (like the psych-garage show with old-school hip-hop DJ night that'll pop up now and then) it still manages to feel comfortable moving back and forth, unlike the middle-school-dance complex many of these places can get (opposite sides of the room, *maybe* one or two brave souls crossing over to dance).
   And in terms of service, yeah, it's a bar, sometimes you don't get your drink immediately.
    But I'd rather be spending my Saturday night with good company and good drinks and good tunes than plop down somewhere where the bartender has nothing to do but sit in front of me and pour my bevvies.
    If I'm just looking to get drunk quick I'll stay home.
   Pro-tip: regular Monday-night stand-up downstairs.
   Pro-tip 2: AC Transit late-night free shuttle b/t downtown &amp; JLS.
   Pro-tip 3: Nations next door is open until 1, but no late-night breakfast.
   The hubs and I stopped in for an after dinner drink.
    I've did some research on yelp about this place and thought that this bar had a pretty cool vibe based on the interior pictures.
    The decor is pretty neat with a speak easy feel.
    Old leather wingbacked chairs and dark ornate wallpaper and wood paneling gives you the feeling that this is the type of place to enjoy a good stiff drink.
    As much as it looked old-fashioned inside, it's really eclectic in that they have live music and a DJ table.
    This probably is a great venue for bands to play because there's a lot of room.
    We went early on a Friday evening so I'm sure this place probably gets really busy later on, but it was kind of weird thinking that the speakeasy ambiance of this joint would soon be filled with hip/hop or rock music.
   but that may be part of it's eclectic charm.
    I would imagine that this place wouldn't be a great place to have a convo with a group of friends late at night due to the music they play, but probably for a happy hour style outing, this would be a good spot to sit and have a few cocktails.
    Although we really liked the ambiance of this place, the cocktails were ok.
    Their list of house cocktails looked really great and the couple that we ordered were good, but compared to some other bars that we frequent, they didn't blow us away.
    Overall, It's a nice looking bar that's probably great for seeing a band or listening/dancing to music while having some drinks.
   but if you're looking for a quieter lounge type atmosphere with a bigger selection of drinks there are probably other bars in Oakland that would cater to that better.
   This review is based on a happy hour visit and a Saturday night visit.
   Aesthetically, Night Light harkens back to the 1920s.
    The interior features a nicely finished wooden bar, and the alcohol is housed on brightly illuminated wooden shelving that frames a large mirror.
    There are a number of bar stools for patrons looking to gaze at the alcohol (or themselves) while imbibing, yet not so many that you feel you're rubbing shoulders with the stranger next to you.
    The rest of the surprisingly ample interior space comprises of a collection of comfortable (p)leather armchairs, loveseats, and side tables, all smartly arranged to accommodate smaller and larger groups.
    The walls are wood paneled above a 1920s era wallpaper style, and an attractive chandelier and a couple of other ceiling lights dimly light the space.
    All in all, it's an attractive, relaxing interior space.
   Night Light seems to be going for the small-batch, artisanal alcohol program, much like the other newer bars over in the Uptown area.
    The cocktail menu was solid, but no more interesting than the various other artisanal cocktail menus that are popping up like wildflowers.
    I ordered a drink off the cocktail menu (the name of which escapes me), and it was quite tasty yet unbalanced; the smokiness of the single-malt scotch overpowered the other ingredients.
    Either way, it was good enough that I ordered a second.
    I also had a decent Manhattan.
    Drink prices (cocktails ranged from $8 - $10) were very fair for a bar of this caliber.
    They also had some beers on tap.
   The service was very good.
    My bartender was attentive and very friendly.
    I observed him trying to serve people in a first-come, first-served fashion, which I always appreciate.
    A second bartender also seemed to have the right idea - she appeared friendly and efficient.
   Bottom Line: Night Light is a solid newcomer in an increasingly crowded and competitive field.
    While not without many merits, the drinks were not exceptional and (for me) it's a tad off the beaten path.
    While I will definitely return and have already recommended Night Light to several people, it's not among the "best" bars Oakland has to offer.
    Four Stars.
   Decided to give NL a second chance and what better time than around my birthday!  This time around was definitely better.
    Service was exceptional at this speak easy bar.
     They now accept all major credit cards.
    The music was a great mixture of hip hop, old school, and other great classics.
     The crowd was mixed which is perfect especially in the east bay and last but not least  the mixologist were definitely on point because the drinks are oh so tasty as well as  quiet a bit of a selection of drinks to choose from the menu.
    They do accommodate seating for larger parties and their is no cover which is a major plus!!  I could see myself being a regular at this establishment! Keep up the good work Doug and staff thank you I'll be back very soon.
   P.
   S.
    I cant think of the drink that the bartender made me it was something like Butterfly something, but that definitely should be put on the regular menu! DELICIOUS!!!! Try to order it next time you are there!.
   Bring Hiko a McRib and it'll be all good.
   great drinks, awesome atmosphere!.
   I just happen to be walking in the neighborhood doing some business with  a friend  and we just happened to stumbled upon this new whiskey bar.
    I was told about it just days before, because some friends were going around showing pictures and talking about this new spot that was just about to open.
    So, as we walk closer to the doors, just my luck it just happen to be open a.
    Before entering my buddy and I were greeted by the main architect who crafted the gorgeous bar that sits insides, he told "yeah we're open go on inside", so go on inside is what we did.
    I must say I was taken by surprise, it was a beautiful place.
    I can tell a lot of work has gone into this place.
    I remember what it used to be and it looks nothing like it.
    It has somewhat of a new beginning a new birth.
    We sat order a beer and quickly introduced to the owners.
     They were super cool and the service was great.
    We spoke about the selection of various whiskeys they had and we even sampled one, I must say it was pretty good.
     They were also very supportive of other local business and were advocates of bringing local business to the bar.
    To make a long story short, I wish The Night Light nothing but success and I see it becoming a staple in the newly renovated Downtown/Uptown/Jack London Oakland area  as a top place to go and visit.
    Cheers!.
   Went on opening night and was impressed.
     No frills, just good old cocktails and beer with a casual crowd.
     Priced similar to other comparable Oak bars,  imagine drinks will be served quicker once the bartenders are up to speed.
     I'll definitely be back!.
   Good drinks, good tunes, and good decor.
    The owners are nice folks and so are the rest of the staff.
    This is exactly the type of place I'd like to live next to and I'd love to see it stick around for a very long time.
    Just add a foot rail at the bar and it's perfect.
   Way to go in the Big "O" !  So refreshing to see the lively crowd and the friendly faces.
     From the Good natured Front door security, to the beautiful "bartend-ress", right on over to the DJ, spinning the vinyl, old school funk style.
     The atmosphere is part bordello, part disco, and all fun.
     They have spared no expense restoring this place and I loved every nuance from the beautiful Walnut wood bar,  the velvet and leather  embossed wall paper, the glitzy chandeliers, granite and tile in the uber clean bathrooms (it's a bar right?).
     By far and away the greatest addition to this neighborhood in many years.
     Stop by and say hi to the owners Oakland Johhny and Dougie Doug, thanks to them we have a new excuse to hit the town again.
     Can't wait to go back !.
   Had a fantastic time at the Night Light last night.
    My drink, the Old Smokey, was an awesome scotch drink that lingered on my tastebuds into the next day (which was a good thing)! If you're a gin drinker, the MT.
    Tamalpais gin is second to none! Great group of customers, and attitude-free bartenders.
    The music was a fantastic mix of soul, hip-hop and obscure jazzy remixes.
    5 big stars for the DJ as well! This is the Oakland bar scene I'm talking about.
   Really cool atmosphere.
    I absolutely LOVED the music selection.
    Could've turned the music down  a little (it was a little distorted).
    Drinks were great, well priced.
    Friendly bar staff.
    I'd recommend to friends.
   Definitely a dive.
    Terrible DJ.
    And I don't just mean that they didn't play my kind of music.
   I mean that the music was all over the place: just when the dancing got started, the music would shift to something totally undance-able.
    But on the upside, it's easy to find.
    And there's a lot of seating, which I loved.
   The Night Light was quite the surprise discovery.
    I met up with some friends for a birthday celebration on Friday night that kicked off at Plank in Jack London Square.
    After finishing up a game of bowling, we were in need of a new bar for the rest of the evening.
    Luckily one of my friends knew about about The Night Light, so we made the short walk over.
    I was expecting a mediocre dive spot when we first entered, but my first impressions were corrected in short order.
   There is apparently an upstairs area that is used for concerts but we stayed in downstairs area.
    With regard to the downstairs portion of the place, there is a bar with stools that runs the length of the place, some more comfy seats along the opposite wall, and a DJ booth and small dance floor at the far end.
    I thought I was going to bumping into people all night long, but to my pleasant surprise, everyone was extremely chill and there was plenty of space on the dancefloor despite a healthy crowd.
    The DJ played a great mix of hip hop throughout the night.
    Ignoring an initial failed attempt at making an Old Fashioned, the rest of the cocktails for the evening were well-made and tasty.
    The drinks were also reasonably priced (3 for $24 before tip).
   If in the Jack London Square area and looking for a good place to dance and grab a drink, definitely checkout The Night Light.
   The Night Light might look divey from the outside, but the downstairs portion is great for large groups, has a lively, fun vibe on weekend nights, and offers decently priced drinks that pack quite a punch.
    The upstairs portion often hosts live acts for a modest cover.
   As with many Oakland establishments, it's the clientele that really makes things, and, true to Oakland's reputation, the crowds here are diverse and friendly.
    Worth a visit either for chilling out downstairs or checking out a live act upstairs.
   Oh, hello white people of Oakland.
    Are we cramping your 'style'? Oops.
    Concerning when a bar experiences an influx of a color unbeknownst to them and makes it completely obvious.
    Thank you, we hardly noticed.
   On the intro act, the power went out 3 times.
    I missed most of the headline act b/c i had to catch the last BART train.
    They couldn't hire an electrician to check the system first.
    :(.
   I come here mostly for The Hanging Garden nights, which I might add are now TWO FLOORS of all my favorite classic goth, new wave and synthpop (read: dance club!)  Highly recommend going early it does get packed but you will have fun and get sweaty!.
   My friend and I were in the bay area for the weekend.
    We were walking down Washington St and heard Michael Jackson playing, so we went in!Super fun night! Very chill and laid back, cheap drinks, great DJ and good times.
    Everyone who was there just wanted to have a good time.
    The bouncer was funny and inviting.
    If you're in the area, go and have fun!.
   The Night Light is a perfectly serviceable little bar, upstairs over another bar.
     There's not much to the venue, it's just one room and fairly small, but it's got that dive bar vibe that I like so much.
    The decor, the velvet wallpaper, and the dim lighting all give it a casually-classy speakeasy look.
    The staff and bartender were all friendly, we got our drinks quickly and the cost (for cover and drinks) was reasonable.
    The only issue I had was that the small venue size didn't really work with the event I went to.
    The venue atmosphere worked perfectly for the theme of the event, but there was barely enough standing room for the large crowd, let alone for the swing dancing they were advertising for the event.
    But that was more on the event organizers and not on the bar itself.
    Night Light seems like my kind of bar, a nice dark hidey hole to drink away a few hours with your friends.
    If I lived nearby, I could totally see myself being a regular at the Night Light.
   Came in here to kill some time to eat some sushi next door and ended up staying here longer than usual because of the great service and awesome vibes.
   JOHNNY is the man.
    He greets you as you come in, asks you what drink your in the mood for, let's you know what he has in stock, and makes the drink for you with great taste.
   The man even remembers my name and checks up on me to see how I'm doing .
    from the bar (as I'm seated from across the room)! Love this guy!Johnnyyyyy, you're the man, keep doin what you're doin.
   Loved the bartenders! They took shots of patron with me, little expensive, 10$ per shot but cool people.
    Laid back grungy hipster vibe.
    Music was loud and I felt at home.
   Went to The Night Light to a benefit show for a musician that was slain recently in Oakland.
    The venue seemed really small at first but it was a great night.
    No comments on the drinks or restroom since all I drank was water ( I was the DD) and never had to use the restroom.
    Just beware where you park!! I was lucky enough to end up in the parking garage and we found out that one of the bands vans was broken into before the show even started.
   It was a cool place to chill out after our job's X-Mas party.
     The dj had good music and I kinda forgot I was in Oakland.
   Cool ass people in there!.
   What a gem we found last night! Casual ambiance, no cover, great dj! Photobooth inside but it costs $5.
    Bartenders were nice and didn't have a poor attitude.
    The DJ was playing all the 90 hitters which brought us back.
    We were singing along and dancing.
    If this DJ plays every Saturday night, I wouldn't mind coming back.
   Cool place, great drinks, fantastic staff, and friendly environment.
    Will definitely be back.
   Fun place that I've hit a few times while going to concerts in Oakland.
     After about 5pm they have a DJ in the corner of this dark and leathery place.
     Good music, happy people, good drinks!Mixology is emphasized here with many artisan style cocktails at fair prices.
   I'll be back!.
   The Night Light is the worlds best bar.
    Epic vibe, good drink, truly a solid place to turn up.
    I left my card on the counter not knowing and one of the bar tenders ran it out to me.
    I think his name was Jason or Charles, either way.
    I will be back, but this time I'm bringing my Vape.
   Definitely my favorite bar in Oakland.
    Perfect for some casual after work drinks or weekend partying.
    The bald white dude (Jason I think?) makes the best margarita I've ever had.
    You're missing out if you're not drinking at The Night Light.
   I like this place well enough, but not my favorite place in Jack London Square.
    Last Friday is a good place to be and happy hour price is reasonable.
   Awe, My absolute favorite spot to go in JLS for an after dinner drink and dancing.
    They always have a DJ on the weekends.
    The photo booth is all kinds of fun.
    Cozy couches everywhere in the dark atmosphere.
    The bar area and staff is nice.
    Prices aren't too bad for JLS.
    Looking forward to being back soon.
   This bar seems like it has good vibe and a classy demeanor.
    BUT, the bad apple spoils the bunch.
    I got my change stolen by the bar tender Charles twice! The second time while I was calling him out for such a petty theft.
    His words exactly, "My bar, my money".
    I had good reason to file a report with the BBB.
    Lucky for Night Light owners I was talked down by the superior bar tender Casey.
    Casey not only made me feel comfortable, but returned my stolen change, and insured me Charles would no longer be our server.
    I honestly feel bad for Casey because he has to share his tips with Charles.
    I feel even worse for Charles because he did not even realize he had spoiled his bed enough to offer an apology.
    Customer service is not for everyone but when drugs, alcohol, and ego are in the mix things can become dangerous.
    I had a terrible experience but I would go back if I saw a hot enough girl in there, and poor Charles had been relieved of the stress of a front of house position.
   It's cool bar.
     Those kids who seem to complain, go back to the city.
     Many of us like it just the way it is.
    Chill music, chill staff, chill regulars.
   Great little bar that had Anchor Christmas ale on tap, nudie paintings in ornate frames, and a couple of cool Sunday night DJs that spun some goth and industrial tunes--yes, vinyl.
    Fun times.
   I read so many great reviews about this place I had to check it out.
     Reviews do not lie.
    The place is casual, relaxed, friendly.
    Awesome bartenders and DJ plays excellent music.
    Everyone there seemed to be having a good time.
    Highly recommended if you are from out of town or if you are a local.
   So.
    much.
    whiskey.
    Definitely more than I've ever seen in a dive bar - though I guess this is slightly above that, but not quite one of those pretentious mixology places yet.
    The bartenders are friendly, and took care of everyone, even though they were slammed on a Friday night.
    They checked back in with us regularly, and chatted with us to recommend different scotches.
    They know their stuff, but they don't rub it in your face.
   It seemed like the upstairs bar through the other entrance was for dancing, and downstairs is for drinking.
    Wish they did have a dance floor though, because they were playing great music.
    I'm adding the Night Light to my usual list (The Layover, Bar 355) for the perfect trifecta of bars in Oakland.
   I don't remember much about this place, except that I came after striking out at the other bars nearby.
    It seemed cute (and dark) inside and the drinks were fine (male bartender was super nice and didn't look down on me for getting 'beginner's drinks').
    What I REALLY remember was back to back fantastic 80's songs (along the lines of Fleetwood Mac) and having a great time.
    More people should go and get a better crowd assembled!.
   The Night Light is a quaint lil' spot in Oakland (conveniently across a Dominos).
    The inside is reminiscent of a speakeasy; red walls adorn the room with low lighting and black accents.
    I would say that this spot should admit about 25 people only to allow for ample space, but that's a guestimation on my part.
    Bands play a little too loud for this venue and I would say jazz acoustic music would be preferable (decibel-level wise).
    Overall, a-ok :).
   This place has upstairs and downstairs, both with bars, both accept cards, and both have good service.
     Upstairs also has a stage where they have live music, and the sound quality is surprisingly good.
     Parking is not difficult at night, it is easy to get to and from the freeway, and the cover of $5.
   00 is totally worth it.
     NOTE: The cover only is applicable to upstairs for live music, downstairs has none.
   This place reminds me of those timeswhen you are hanging on the front porch.
   Drinking with your friends.
   Having another one.
   And the fun never ends.
   Or as a kid when you are hanging in the alley.
   Drinking with your friends.
   Having another one.
   The fun never ends.
   Or when you are hanging out at Fest.
   Drinking with your friends.
   Having a great timeand the fun never endsAnd then that timeI was at the Night Light hangin' with Titograbbing some drinks and the fun never seemed to end.
   Until we were going down Broadway to grab him some cigsRho and Dottie show up for a good timebut so do the pigsSo we go back inside the Night Light for another drinkAnd the fun never ends.
   This spot turns out good drinks and seems to cater to a more mature (30s and 40s) clientele, at least on a recent Thursday evening.
    It can get loud, but hey, it's a music venue too.
   Cool and unpretentious pub near Jack London Square.
    They have a good selection of interesting cocktails made with some organic ingredients.
    The decor is Spartan leather and the music is loud, though offering a groovy mix, especially when a live DJ is present.
    The space has the feel of being a warehouse with some furniture and a bar, but it works.
   This place is classy, sexy, hip and overall amazing.
   Will always be my place to go when I need a drink and good company.
    Love you guys, keep rocking it.
   The Night Light (b/w Nation"s &amp; souley vegan) has been resurrected as a sensual drinking hole with brown tones, brown woods and stylish nudes on the woods.
   a relaxed mood is enhanced by the easy listening r &amp; b music.
    space isn't that big.
    you beat the rush by going to happy hours, every day, 4-8-well drinks(4)-draft beers (4?)-specialty drinks ($1 off)drink: gin &amp; tonic (4)-heavy pour, 1 1/2 oz gin, i hearlady from the sea (9)-rum, cane sugar, and ?just a sweet drink.
   on draught-6 micros on draft-bill, the bartender ,is cool, laid back.
   Night light, my you do shine bright! Tucked between Ginza and Nations on Broadway, not too far from Beer Rev and Souley Vegan, It's a stone's throw away from many favorite things.
    Five stars alone for the fact there's another stellar drinking establishment close to my favorite toasty crispy burger.
    For me, Night Light screams, "Ladies, drop your man off at boyfriend daycare (Beer Rev) and come grab a yummy nautical themed cocktail with your girlfriends!" Not to say that boyfriend didn't like it, nono, he did.
    But sometimes, dare I say, it's just not a beer night.
    And sometimes, after said delicious toasty crispy, I'd really enjoy a cocktail.
    The Night Light is brand new.
    Yup, mm that new paint twinge is still there.
    The interior is cush and luxurious.
    Dimly lit with lots of leather seating, it begs the question, is there a nautical wench waiting for a suitor upstairs? It struck me that the design is eerily similar to 355.
    The space, however, is much more open and conducive to lounging.
    I enjoyed the sound they had going.
    Boyfriend and I just stopped in for a quick cocktail on our way home.
    I tried and loved the Wild and Free.
    Boyfriend enjoyed his high on Rye.
    Both were 8 bucks each.
    Didn't break the bank although I wouldn't call it exactly cheap.
    They don't accept credit cards which is a little annoying but nothing we couldn't figure out.
    Night light, I hope you are here to stay.
    Especially if your co-owner Doug was serious about his promise of unlimited free drinks :).
   The owner doug really cares about this place.
    Although I didn't have the best experience here, I am willing to give it another try because doug really takes his work seriously.
   Had a few cocktails to celebrate by birthday after having dinner in the area.
    I was very surprised that this was here.
    I really enjoyed my drink and the furniture was nice.
    The decor makes this spot feel trendy.
    There are mostly dark colors and darker woods used in the decor.
    I also like the wallpaper and it was fuzzy.
    I only wish there was a little more ventilation, it was one hot summer night plus drinks was making it like HOT.
    This is a great spot.
   Really fun place that is off the beaten path of Oakland bars and is always a good stop after Merchant's or Beer Revolution.
    Lucy and Dougie keep the place going great.
     The happy hour prices are awesome.
     For some reason, the bar upstairs is run like a separate entity so each drink costs more so remember to order downstairs.
     Your drink will still be scientifically poured into the jigger and not an extra drop.
   The neighborhood already has some amazing beer spots (Trappist and Beer Revolution), so it's about time a cocktail destination opened.
   I sampled 3 or 4 of the house cocktails and all were great, nice atmosphere and service.
     Predictably quiet on a Tuesday around happy hour, so I hope that things pick up closer to the weekend.
     These guys deserve a crowd.
   Cash only right now, but there is an ATM on site.
   Part divey, part mixology, and full blown hipster.
     If any of those three appeal to you, definitely stop by for a drink at least.
     The venue is really small, but breathes character.
     Everyone from the owner, bartenders, and doorman treats you like a customer.
     Service is fantastic, and they often come socialize with you on less busy nights to make sure everything is up to par.
     This gives me hope that neighborhood divey places that serve mean cocktails are still around.
     You won't hear the "UNCE UNCE UNCE" of EDM or top 40 here.
     Instead you'll find ambient lighting and lounge rock playing.
     Awesome place to catch up with old friends.
     Drinks are definitely stiff.
   Wait staff is not pretentious at all.
   PROTIP:  They make an absolutely mean old fashioned.
     Their whiskey selection is definitely not shabby either.
   Night Light is a great addition to the neighborhood.
    It's a chill, unpretentious bar with a besuited doorman, good bartenders, good drinks, and really good music.
   I haven't gone to any shows yet.
   Classy! Lots of comfortable furniture and space (at least, there was on a weeknight).
    My bartender was kinda daffy but I wasn't in a hurry.
   Saw a show upstairs and really loved it -- the bartender up there was great, the lady at the door danced along, everyone was super nice and nobody was pretentious even though there's a big shelf full of rye.
   My group of friends and I (Oaklanders!) were stoked to check this place out on opening night.
     We got there at 8:30, so it wasn't that late into the evening when we showed up.
   The doorman was awesome.
     He was seriously the best thing about the night!  He gets 5 stars.
   The space looks really nice - the outside arches and fairy lights, the fuzzy interior wallpaper.
     That's 4 stars.
     Probably the worst thing about the experience was -- when we met the doorman, we were like "Man! This place is going to be awesome!"  We had really high expectations for what this place was going to be like.
     Plus, our group of friends loves really hard on the Oakland bar scene, and JLS, and were hopeful that there would be a reason to head this way a little more often.
   However, it was really disappointing in the sense that I, and I think most of my friends, really feel no reason to go back here.
     Hence, the 2 stars - "meh.
    i've experienced better.
   "The cocktails on the menu were good tasting (if they had been mixed properly), and similar prices as other bars we love (Chop Bar in JLS, Van Kleef, Make Westing, Layover, etc).
     So that was fine.
   But the service?  The bartender I got a drink from was okay.
     Only problem was that their first cocktail on the menu, the "Old Smokey" (something like that) was already unable to be made due to lack of ingredients.
     Okay, so it's opening night and they're learning, but wouldn't you want to have a lot of the stuff on hand for your headlining cocktail?My drink was okay, but it wasn't mixed up at all, just everything layered, so it got kinda gross cuz I couldn't stir it and so had to drink up all the sweet stuff first, then when I could stir it, it was unbalanced.
   One friend reported that his bartender was actually really mean to him.
     She was repeatedly shouting prices at people (in a not friendly manner, not in an "it's loud in here" manner).
     Also, for other drinks our friends got, the prices seemed to range wildly for the same drink - between $6-9 for the same drink within our group of friends.
   Later, when a friend returned to buy a drink for himself and his partner, he was told by a bartender that he couldn't order a cocktail.
     Even though cocktails are on the menu and the other bartender was making them.
   To be fair, they were probably just understaffed and overwhelmed.
     There seemed to be only two main bartenders, and one third who was partially making drinks and partially running around.
     But why go somewhere to get such disappointing service? You'd think that you'd want to pull out all the stops on opening night, or at least just be prepared with enough staff and ingredients.
     Or if you're not prepared, be friendly and gracious about it - smile maybe?  Most Oaklanders are understanding about shortages of drinks and staff, but not about being treated poorly.
     I'd give this place another chance (based on the doorman alone, actually) to hopefully make some positive changes after a crappy friday night opening.
    They're supposed to also have shows, which I'd go to check out.
    However, there are so many better options that have their stuff together in Oakland, so I'm not in a hurry to go back.
   To illustrate why not, a couple Fridays ago, same group of friends ended up at Van Kleef and the owner was walking around passing out several rounds of complimentary tomatoes with vinegar/sea salt to everyone in the bar.
     And it wasn't a special occasion.
     And there were a lot of people in the bar.
   There's a reason I prefer to stay in Oakland to go out and skip San Francisco, and unfortunately, the Night Light isn't quite there, yet.
     Let's hope they get it together.
   They have velvet wallpaper, leather man chairs and, at least when we were there, a propensity to lure people into many drinks followed by a late night Hulu marathon of Soul Train when you return home, maybe a bit drunk.
    In case you were unaware this entire scenario goes well with whiskey.
    Yes, they have whiskey and they know how to make it into delightful cocktails.
    All of this on their second night.
    Yes, I am looking forward to more of this good in the neighborhood.
   This place is great.
    Always good tunes spinning.
    Really good happy hour.
    Friendly bartenders.
    Great for after work.
   This is literally my girlfriend and my favorite night spot in Oakland.
    We go to shows here regularly upstairs and Doug always gets great acts to come.
    Once you walk into the place the vintage decor and mini living room setups make you feel right at home if you're looking for a cozy place to sit and socialize.
    The DJs are always on point and play the best music but don't go in here expecting top 40 because that just isn't going to happen.
    You can tell its just not a top 40 music kind of place.
    If you want to hear music you have never heard before or something that will bring you back to time in your life when you had a funky hair cut then this is the spot for you.
    The crowd always gets into the music and so does the staff.
    The bar is always making great drinks and have good recommendations.
    Doug is just the coolest guy most personable guy ever.
    He came up and spoke to me and my girlfriend while we dancing at the Brothertiger show and he even danced with us.
    We shared stories and hung out.
    He took us over to the bar and walked behind it to get us drinks and my face went .
    "Are you allowed to do that?" I said and he goes "Yeah.
    I own the Nightlight".
    The rest is history.
    All in all if your a Oakland local or an out of towner anyone can enjoy the awesomeness that is the Nightlight.
    Take all your friends here and introduce yourself to the kind gentleman who is their bouncer because he will remember your face.
    Go here if youre looking for a good time with drinks music and good people.
   At risk of perpetuating gender binaries, I'm going to go out on a limb and call this a man bar.
    Something I, even as a woman, crave from time to time.
    What makes this a man bar, you say? Well, for starters, the clusters of stately brown leather chairs and sofas that look like they've been stolen from the library of an estate.
    Sitting in these chairs makes you yearn for a pipe and scotch on the rocks.
    Then there's the flocked wallpaper, exposed old-timey lighting, and the portraits of nudes languorously hanging from the walls.
    What makes this place awesome is definitely the decor, but there's also a nice variety of liquors and friendly service.
    I'd recommend stopping by on a Sunday when it's not too packed to get a seat.
   Fantastic cocktails.
   Friendly and knowledgeable staff.
     And I love the decor.
   I am only speaking for the bar downstairs as I have never been to the upstairs venue.
   My little old lady heart went aflutter: Edison bulbs over the bar, velvet wallpaper, furniture with feet!  A bar tender with a Dali-meets-Cowboy mustache!! II ordered a whiskey ginger, and he sprinkled a little Worcestershire sauce on top--yum!! The doorman with a bulletproof vest was a teensy unnerving, especially after he clarified he just wore it because he'd been "shot at too many times.
   " All in all, a really fun, adorable bar.
   Went here recently for happy hour.
    what can I say? I'm a fan.
      Love the decor.
     On the day I visited, there were DJs playing good music downstairs, but the volume was kept to a reasonable level so you could still talk to your friends.
    something I appreciate.
     My cocktails were fantastic, and you could tell the bartender takes pride in his work.
     Seriously, some of the best cocktails I've had in ages.
     "I'll be back.
   ".
   Aptly named and well-positioned, the latest addition to Broadway's booming West End is definitely lighting up the night.
   From the stately facade with the carnival-esque lights and Wild Wild West signage to the warm glow of a slew of crystal chandeliers and wall sconces, The Night Light is beaming the modern-urban-oasis-meets-sexed-up-saloon vibe.
   With vintage details abound, like the cash registers, the lush, leather club chairs, the bordello-esque wallpaper and boudoir paintings, the distinct crackle of vinyl over the Hi-Fi, and their own version of Miss Kitty (Miss Megan) behind the bar slingin' high-octane drinks, it's like a step back in time that is right ON time.
   Makes sense coming from the former owners of The Ivy Room in Albany and Kitty's in Emeryville.
    It's not their first trip to the rodeo, they do seem to know a thing or two about attracting and keeping a hip and loyal clientele.
   Works out great for us Oaklanders.
    Now the Uptown Crawl merges with the Downtown Crawl with other great haunts like The Trappist, Beer Revolution, Tamarindo and Haven and the Oaktown party don't stop.
   Freaking awesome.
    The amount of work that these boys put into making this fantastic shows.
    Way to make Oakland even more awesome!! Can't wait to come here when they put the sexy ladies on the wall and when their music venue opens- just freaking awesome!!.
   Not too crowded for a Friday! Good drinks! Good DJ spinnin old school jams.
    Will definitely go back for a relaxed night out with friends.
   This place is amazing.
     I highly recommend for great music, vibes, and drinks!.
   I have been here 2 times now, both were really good experiences.
     We went for happy hour, I was thrilled at the whiskey selections! Tons of different types and a really interesting drink menu.
    The bartenders were both really nice and helpful and the interior is really nice.
   Pretty cool place (ground floor speaking since I didn't get a chance to go upstairs), it definitely gets loud when the music is playing.
     Bartenders are nice and the bouncer is friendly too.
     Comfy chairs and spinning bar stools and prices are reasonable.
     Lots of street parking but may have to drive around the block one or two times.
   This is really the only reason I go out after dark.
    Which, granted, still doesn't happen as often as it should - there are regular awesome shows here featuring a bevy of great local garage bands upstairs, and some excellent DJs downstairs.
    The decor is kind of stunning, the drinks are solid, the staff is a fantastic group of people.
    Usually I'm wary of places that separate the stage/venue from the bar because there can be a weird dis-congruity between crowds, but it works pretty well here.
    Even when there's a less-than-obvious show/DJ match up (like the psych-garage show with old-school hip-hop DJ night that'll pop up now and then) it still manages to feel comfortable moving back and forth, unlike the middle-school-dance complex many of these places can get (opposite sides of the room, *maybe* one or two brave souls crossing over to dance).
   And in terms of service, yeah, it's a bar, sometimes you don't get your drink immediately.
    But I'd rather be spending my Saturday night with good company and good drinks and good tunes than plop down somewhere where the bartender has nothing to do but sit in front of me and pour my bevvies.
    If I'm just looking to get drunk quick I'll stay home.
   Pro-tip: regular Monday-night stand-up downstairs.
   Pro-tip 2: AC Transit late-night free shuttle b/t downtown &amp; JLS.
   Pro-tip 3: Nations next door is open until 1, but no late-night breakfast.
   The hubs and I stopped in for an after dinner drink.
    I've did some research on yelp about this place and thought that this bar had a pretty cool vibe based on the interior pictures.
    The decor is pretty neat with a speak easy feel.
    Old leather wingbacked chairs and dark ornate wallpaper and wood paneling gives you the feeling that this is the type of place to enjoy a good stiff drink.
    As much as it looked old-fashioned inside, it's really eclectic in that they have live music and a DJ table.
    This probably is a great venue for bands to play because there's a lot of room.
    We went early on a Friday evening so I'm sure this place probably gets really busy later on, but it was kind of weird thinking that the speakeasy ambiance of this joint would soon be filled with hip/hop or rock music.
   but that may be part of it's eclectic charm.
    I would imagine that this place wouldn't be a great place to have a convo with a group of friends late at night due to the music they play, but probably for a happy hour style outing, this would be a good spot to sit and have a few cocktails.
    Although we really liked the ambiance of this place, the cocktails were ok.
    Their list of house cocktails looked really great and the couple that we ordered were good, but compared to some other bars that we frequent, they didn't blow us away.
    Overall, It's a nice looking bar that's probably great for seeing a band or listening/dancing to music while having some drinks.
   but if you're looking for a quieter lounge type atmosphere with a bigger selection of drinks there are probably other bars in Oakland that would cater to that better.
   This review is based on a happy hour visit and a Saturday night visit.
   Aesthetically, Night Light harkens back to the 1920s.
    The interior features a nicely finished wooden bar, and the alcohol is housed on brightly illuminated wooden shelving that frames a large mirror.
    There are a number of bar stools for patrons looking to gaze at the alcohol (or themselves) while imbibing, yet not so many that you feel you're rubbing shoulders with the stranger next to you.
    The rest of the surprisingly ample interior space comprises of a collection of comfortable (p)leather armchairs, loveseats, and side tables, all smartly arranged to accommodate smaller and larger groups.
    The walls are wood paneled above a 1920s era wallpaper style, and an attractive chandelier and a couple of other ceiling lights dimly light the space.
    All in all, it's an attractive, relaxing interior space.
   Night Light seems to be going for the small-batch, artisanal alcohol program, much like the other newer bars over in the Uptown area.
    The cocktail menu was solid, but no more interesting than the various other artisanal cocktail menus that are popping up like wildflowers.
    I ordered a drink off the cocktail menu (the name of which escapes me), and it was quite tasty yet unbalanced; the smokiness of the single-malt scotch overpowered the other ingredients.
    Either way, it was good enough that I ordered a second.
    I also had a decent Manhattan.
    Drink prices (cocktails ranged from $8 - $10) were very fair for a bar of this caliber.
    They also had some beers on tap.
   The service was very good.
    My bartender was attentive and very friendly.
    I observed him trying to serve people in a first-come, first-served fashion, which I always appreciate.
    A second bartender also seemed to have the right idea - she appeared friendly and efficient.
   Bottom Line: Night Light is a solid newcomer in an increasingly crowded and competitive field.
    While not without many merits, the drinks were not exceptional and (for me) it's a tad off the beaten path.
    While I will definitely return and have already recommended Night Light to several people, it's not among the "best" bars Oakland has to offer.
    Four Stars.
   Decided to give NL a second chance and what better time than around my birthday!  This time around was definitely better.
    Service was exceptional at this speak easy bar.
     They now accept all major credit cards.
    The music was a great mixture of hip hop, old school, and other great classics.
     The crowd was mixed which is perfect especially in the east bay and last but not least  the mixologist were definitely on point because the drinks are oh so tasty as well as  quiet a bit of a selection of drinks to choose from the menu.
    They do accommodate seating for larger parties and their is no cover which is a major plus!!  I could see myself being a regular at this establishment! Keep up the good work Doug and staff thank you I'll be back very soon.
   P.
   S.
    I cant think of the drink that the bartender made me it was something like Butterfly something, but that definitely should be put on the regular menu! DELICIOUS!!!! Try to order it next time you are there!.
   Bring Hiko a McRib and it'll be all good.
   great drinks, awesome atmosphere!.
   I just happen to be walking in the neighborhood doing some business with  a friend  and we just happened to stumbled upon this new whiskey bar.
    I was told about it just days before, because some friends were going around showing pictures and talking about this new spot that was just about to open.
    So, as we walk closer to the doors, just my luck it just happen to be open a.
    Before entering my buddy and I were greeted by the main architect who crafted the gorgeous bar that sits insides, he told "yeah we're open go on inside", so go on inside is what we did.
    I must say I was taken by surprise, it was a beautiful place.
    I can tell a lot of work has gone into this place.
    I remember what it used to be and it looks nothing like it.
    It has somewhat of a new beginning a new birth.
    We sat order a beer and quickly introduced to the owners.
     They were super cool and the service was great.
    We spoke about the selection of various whiskeys they had and we even sampled one, I must say it was pretty good.
     They were also very supportive of other local business and were advocates of bringing local business to the bar.
    To make a long story short, I wish The Night Light nothing but success and I see it becoming a staple in the newly renovated Downtown/Uptown/Jack London Oakland area  as a top place to go and visit.
    Cheers!.
   Went on opening night and was impressed.
     No frills, just good old cocktails and beer with a casual crowd.
     Priced similar to other comparable Oak bars,  imagine drinks will be served quicker once the bartenders are up to speed.
     I'll definitely be back!.
   Good drinks, good tunes, and good decor.
    The owners are nice folks and so are the rest of the staff.
    This is exactly the type of place I'd like to live next to and I'd love to see it stick around for a very long time.
    Just add a foot rail at the bar and it's perfect.
   Way to go in the Big "O" !  So refreshing to see the lively crowd and the friendly faces.
     From the Good natured Front door security, to the beautiful "bartend-ress", right on over to the DJ, spinning the vinyl, old school funk style.
     The atmosphere is part bordello, part disco, and all fun.
     They have spared no expense restoring this place and I loved every nuance from the beautiful Walnut wood bar,  the velvet and leather  embossed wall paper, the glitzy chandeliers, granite and tile in the uber clean bathrooms (it's a bar right?).
     By far and away the greatest addition to this neighborhood in many years.
     Stop by and say hi to the owners Oakland Johhny and Dougie Doug, thanks to them we have a new excuse to hit the town again.
     Can't wait to go back !.
   Had a fantastic time at the Night Light last night.
    My drink, the Old Smokey, was an awesome scotch drink that lingered on my tastebuds into the next day (which was a good thing)! If you're a gin drinker, the MT.
    Tamalpais gin is second to none! Great group of customers, and attitude-free bartenders.
    The music was a fantastic mix of soul, hip-hop and obscure jazzy remixes.
    5 big stars for the DJ as well! This is the Oakland bar scene I'm talking about.
   Great dive bar with outdoor seating area - which is not a common thing in the Bay Area.
    Simple, straightforward drinks.
    As with all dive bars, the bathrooms are not that clean, but you know, deal with it.
    Also, there was a not-totally-stable seeming lady who was yelling at women in the restroom to get out of the toilet faster.
    The outdoor seating area is really nice with some full trees for shade during the afternoons.
    Also, they seem cool with letting you bring in outside food and there is a cuban place, pizza place and burger place adjacent to the H&amp;D Saloon.
   I would give this place zero stars and the Abusive Bartender badge if I could, after witnessing some rather horrific and disturbing behavior from a male bartender on a female customer that was 100% unacceptable.
     Been going here for years, but after seeing that, never going back again.
     Scary.
   Don't go to this bar unless you wish to be attacked by a bartender.
    One of the bartenders first ignored me, then when I asked for a beer, started screaming profanities at me and then actually put his hands on me and started pushing me around.
    I can only imagine that if I had resisted him shoving me around, he would've quickly escalated to striking me, since none of this was provoked in any way.
    I will never go back there again, even though I've been going there since they opened.
    My friends are all boycotting this place because of this asshole, too.
   Once a biker bar, now more hipster but the drinks are decent and the prices very reasonable.
    Nice outdoor patio.
    Only downside is everyone smokes.
    Oh.
    and cash only (although they have an atm)!.
   The majority of the people at this bar have been nothing but gracious and courteous to me.
    They've allowed me to bring in my dog, and it has been fine.
    Tonight, a bartender on duty, someone that I had met on other visits, was in rare form.
    He was discourteous.
    He was argumentative.
    He was mean.
    I think he was belligerently drunk.
    I have been a bartender and have managed bars and restaurants.
    You can check my yelp history and how often I have written Yelp reviews.
    Almost never.
    If interested, you can ask me which restaurants or bars I've managed.
    This sucked writing down one of my own, and I've never written a negative review of another bar before.
    It was simply the most offensively I've ever been treated in any bar or restaurant, ever, before or after working in the industry.
   I stopped by for the Prince tribute last week.
     Got there fairly early, just before 5pm.
    The CASH ONLY sign at the bar was an unpleasant surprise, and the ATM in the bar is one of those I just don't trust.
    Its connection seemed spotty too, as a number of people had issues with errors all in a row.
     I ended up borrowing cash from a friend rather than risk it.
    Decent crowd; not packed and not empty.
     The backyard was actually the fuller part because the weather was nice.
     My friends and I tried a couple of the drink specials which were Prince themed (either raspberry or purple, it seemed).
     Nothing too incredible, but we enjoyed them nonetheless.
     It's a dive bar, not a cocktail lounge.
     If you approach with that spirit, you'll have fun.
   CASH ONLY (only downside, besides the parking meters which are ridiculously expensive).
    $17 pitcher of Racer 5.
    Great back patio.
    I'll be back next time I'm in the area.
   Two words: dive bar.
   Personally, I'm a fan of the idea of dive bars.
    I mean, who doesn't love cheap drinks? I know that I do.
    Especially living in the Bay Area, anything that can keep some money in my pockets makes me pretty happy.
   Cash.
    Only.
    Ouch.
    I'm not someone who carries cash.
    That makes it so I drink less at places like this.
    It also has limited space inside.
    I tend to run cool, so I like to be inside which can be rough when it's busy.
   There's a pool table which is frequently occupied.
    I'm no pool shark but I enjoy putting my terrible physics and geometry skills to use.
   especially under the influence.
    It's always a good idea.
   So three stars.
    It's close and easy to get to but nothing super fancy or spectacular, over the top service.
    It's a dive bar so yeah.
   expect that.
   Dive bars are more my style.
     This spot has some real charm.
     Awesome outdoor patio and smoking lounge.
    All sorts of characters, friendly fast bartenders, cool decor, and just that nice fun weirdo vibe.
     Cash only!.
   like yelp said "Meh.
   I've experienced better.
   " I just don't feel safe or welcomed going into that place I will say the redeeming factor are the cute dogs just hanging out around their owners.
   Jumped to my Top 5 favorite Bars I've ever been to.
   Punk Bar with Pinball and great outside seating! Hell yeah! Service was good, prices were fair, and jukebox selection was On Point!.
   This place seemed a little too much for my style when I first saw it from the outside (as it looks like your average hard core dive bar, often with motorcycle groups hanging around out front).
    However I found it actually quite nice once I ventured inside.
    The area I like best is the back patio, which has a nice beer garden feel.
    I came here during the day but j can imagine it being a very poppin' place at night--it seems like a fun place to have drinks with friends.
    Will come back again at night.
   Cool place with a typical dive-bar vibe.
    Cash only so be prepared - I almost wasn't! Outside was probably my favorite - a fair amount of seating, and they allow dogs.
    The problem is that most dogs have owners, and some of those owners haven't trained their dog how to interact with other dogs.
   Good drinks, bottled beer is probably the best bet.
   it would be better with music at the Patio.
   And gentrification is complete.
     What used to be a laid back blues spot is now patronized by Hells Angels, never thought I  would see that at Lake Merritt.
     Gentrification : game, set, match.
   It's good straight to the point bar.
    I like to drink and they like to pour them, for a fee, of coarse.
    It's my regular waterhole for the past 5 yrs or so.
    They let you bring in outside food and it's one of the few places around that has a private patio to enjoy the nice weather and friends when the time calls for it.
   Note: Be sure to hit an ATM because it's cash only.
   I love Heart and Dagger, yep it is a bar, but it is also the super sweet spot to shoot pool by my house, plus you can bring in your own food.
   awesome! I came to the stairs in the front of the establishment and I looked up at them thinking, "Wow, how am I going to do this with one foot?"  The bouncer, Gary, was really cool, he helped get me up there so I could have fun inside with all the other bipeds.
   lol.
   There is always such a cool crowd at this place, no matter what you like.
     The juke box offers some really great songs, the kind of songs that remind you of moments in your life that seemingly make you smile.
     I think last night I heard an old "Wham" song that lifted my mood.
    We watched a ton of Raider fans playing pool and basking in the glory of their win last night at the Battle of the Bay.
     While the football game put my friend in a bad mood, the Raider fans were happy---let them have this little moment, it is not very often it happens ;)We attempted to go out to the patio in the back, and the ramp down into that area was yet another challenge for my one footed self.
     But none to worry, there was a guy working at that back area too who helped me get around.
     I have visited this spot for several years and have always had a memorable time--whether those memories be awesome, weird, annoying, ridiculous or fun, etc.
   I always leave with a memory.
     Heart and Dagger is always on the crawl list for birthdays, and pretty much the "stand by" for any night.
     We can play pool or pinball, listen to music, watch pretty disturbing movies on the TV, hang out in the patio, or just sit inside.
     I am sure to run into friends from the neighborhood at any drop in, so that is always cool when I am out solo.
     Stephani Smiles for HND ;).
   Great place to have a beer and chill.
    The outdoor patio is fantastic.
    I'd give it 5 stars, but occasionally the clientele can get a little.
    roudy.
    And not in a good way.
   The un-dive bar.
    I used to like this place, but the clientele is all highbrow now.
    I never liked that it was cash only, but I still love the jukebox.
    The last time I was there the skinny bearded doorman kept shouting across the bar to the bartender which was super annoying.
    I was unimpressed with his need for attention.
    Maybe early in the day this place is better but when it's crowded, nah.
    I was particularly amused by the weather-denying girl in the tank top showing off her tattoos as everyone else in the bar was in a coat and scarf because it was freezing outside and they had all of the doors open.
    Maybe in 1992 that would be impressive, but in 2016 you are one of many.
    Put your coat on, sweety.
    You'll catch your death.
   Terrible bar with terrible staff.
    Rude door people causing fights with new patrons, and that was before anyone had a chance to order a drink.
    Not sure how a business with such terrible customer service stays in business.
    I wouldn't come back here again if you paid me!!.
   Let me just say, I've been here only a handful of times.
     I don't come here enough.
   It reminds me of some of my favorite dives when I lived in the City, just wish I lived within walking distance ;)Great roadhouse atmosphere inside, and a chill backyard area.
   Awesome place to come any day of week.
    They pool tables and arcade games.
    Cold beer on tab and bottled with a place to drink outside.
    Mediocre pricing but they aren't shy on their pours.
   This is my go to dive bar in Oakland.
    Super chill vibe, mostly locals, and cool kids.
    There's a pool table, juke box and tables outside where you can bring the dogs, pizza and a board game.
   what's not to like??Drinks are decent enough, I recommend sticking to beer, racer 5 on tap.
   people seem to like the bloody Mary's and mimosa are perfect pre or post brunch.
    Love this place.
   I've been here late at night and have had a completely different experience than now.
    Today, we arrived at the bar closer to sunset and hung out on the patio with my $3 beer.
    The ambiance and other patrons were really mellow and enjoyable.
    It's cheap, so that is a plus.
    The bartender, however, seemed to enjoy taking out her life's disappointments on the customers.
    I would've rather served myself.
    It won't keep me from returning, just yet.
   My favorite bar in Oakland.
    They play great rock and roll inside, and the beer garden is a fantastic place to spend an afternoon, or play cards late into the night.
    There's tons of food in the neighborhood that you can bring in, and they're dog friendly.
    The pool scene is competitive and the table is better than average for a 'dive' bar (which the Dagger barely qualifies as).
    There's a great mix of people from East Bay Rats to local yuppies to SF expat hipsters and everyone gets along.
    It gets crowded but not too crowded.
   Just don't sit at the end of the bar by the men's bathroom -- you'll only smell urinal cakes all night.
    Unless you're into that I guess.
   All hail the Duke! It was by the gracious invitation of His Majesty himself that the girlfriend &amp; I came to Heart &amp; Dagger Saloon.
    &amp; what a lovely Dukedom it is.
   The Heart &amp; Dagger is sort of a dive bar, sort of.
    It's too well-lit inside to really be a total dive.
    It's divey in a hipster-ish kind of way.
    But the hipster to real people ratio isn't too high, so it's still cool.
   Full bar, impressive booze selection, nice cocktails, decent brews on tap, great Happy Hour deals, pinball/ video games &amp; pool table inside, dog-friendly patio out back, &amp; motorcycle parking right in front off the street.
    It's all good.
   We had a chill time time sipping a few drinks (but only a few, it's cash only here, I had loads of plastic but not a whole lotta green on me) &amp; watching Markus' reign of terror on the pool table.
    Until, at last, he was narrowly defeated by a very pretty young lady.
    Who says chivalry is dead?Heart &amp; Dagger Saloon.
    I like it.
    I'll have to return as often as possible to see the Duke, his fair Dukedom &amp; any other shenanigans afoot.
   Made my way over to oakland to meet up some friends at this sweet lil spot.
    Surrounded by plenty of parking and food it was a nice change up from SF.
    It is a cash only bar some come prepared.
    Full bar with some good beer on tap, and one dude holding down the fort on a saturday night.
    ( he was wicked fast).
    Outside is a sweet lil patio for a awesome place to relax and chat( bench seating) and the fresh air was great.
    The prices for drinks were right on, and no overly pricey with some good pours.
   Cheap drinks, outdoor space, punk rock music -- YES.
   You can smoke.
    Here.
    And drink.
    A nice well whisky and a good pour.
    Cash only.
    They check ID very professionally.
    The people who work there are people, not hipster asshats or attitudinal testosteronies.
    i like it, if you can tell.
    Ahhhhhh.
   I can see this place is going to be my favorite bar in East Bay.
   -Great bartender, totally personable and cool.
   -Cool door guy, huge laugh!-Great patio, the likes of which are hard to find around here.
   -Giant Lemons.
   -Good mix of all types at the bar, everyone in a good mood.
   -Drinks were reasonably priced and poured strong.
   -It' close to my house.
   Basically everything needed in a bar that's going to be seeing a lot of this face.
   This place definitely has the dive bar feel to it.
     I'm sure this is a good local hang out.
     What really appeals to me about this places is the outside area in the back.
     There are plenty of tables to sit at.
     Great place to go with some friends to relax with a beer and chat.
      Although it does get busy and filled up so no guarantee you will get a table.
    This is a casual grungy type scene so jeans and causal attire is the standard.
     I like the location and the vibe here though--super chill and relaxed.
     There are a couple pool tables inside as well inside.
     I'd definitely go back for a beer.
   "Oh, he's very popular Ed.
    The sportos, the motorheads, geeks, sluts, bloods, wastoids, dweebies, dickheads - they all adore him.
    They think he's a righteous dude.
   "-- from "Ferris Bueller's Day Off"A visit to Heart &amp; Dagger often reminds me of these words.
    As watering holes go, it may not be for every body, but it has a strikingly wide array of fans.
    And for us fans, it holds a piece of our hearts.
    The vibe is casual (read: 'divey'), distinctly Oakland, with a wild undercurrent befitting a David Lynch film.
    A biker bar only 'modestly' gentrified by neo-Oaklandites/wannabees/over-incomed geeks, to which I confess a partial complicity.
     The playground segments into roughly three arenas:  (1) Bar area, where the bees get their honey -- and the barkeeps, both efficient and commanding, do a great job keeping the drones and workers happy.
    Beer specials and shots of liquor are an excellent value, especially during HH, when my lovely Bulliet Manhattans are especially generous.
    (2) Patio, definitely favored by the dog-partnered and smoking clientele, and seems to collect the more regular patrons.
    Gossip is overheard, smiles are witnessed, wafting cigarette smoke is inhaled.
    Water from two giant ThermosTM coolers is free and easily accessed for both two and four-legged visitors back here.
   And then there is (3), the pool table.
     Where I learned, thanks to tutelage from billiards Maestro M and a few tips from other regulars, to now actually almost *not* suck at pool-playing.
     Back to (3) in a bit.
    For the bar en masse though: at its heart of gold though does push the tip of its dagger, as visits here have not always been a feel-good utopian experience.
    I've seen people verbally insulted or kicked out for debatable reasons by the staff (actually mostly just one staff member, whose shifts are minimal); heard obnoxious comments by drunk and/or loud bigots; spied sketchy characters sporting knives in their back pocket, and witnessed a few "lively" disagreements over 8-ball.
    Admittedly, H&amp;D is an onion with many layers, and not all those layers are pretty.
     The trifling edginess is in reality as much an allure as a downer, and a metaphor and microcosm of our world and city and a reminder that good or bad you're still a part of it so why not be a positive part or at the very least learn how to deal with it? In reality, I don't wax all philosophic like that when I visit here.
    Which brings us back to (3):  I do, truly, enjoy the regular pool players, and the competition and camaraderie I'm fortunate to have shared.
     I'm a square peg for several reasons in H&amp;D, but the bonding with other such pegs or non-pegs is the reason I love to visit.
    And on those visits, I get to practice my shot, nurse my bourbon, and inhale the simple sideways joys that life has to offer.
   Can one sum up H&amp;D in a single catchphrase?  "All for one, one for all, just watch your wallet and drink.
   " "You don't have to be a biker to come, but it don't hurt if you are one.
   " "A bar of inimitable substance and a multitude of substances.
   " Nah .
    screw that.
    Heart and Dagger defies an easy Yelp review description.
    And I'm guessing they like it that way.
    Just be chill, be respectful, be unorthodox, be free, and be yourself.
    It's not to be analyzed.
    Just enjoyed.
   If you like dive bars without the meth mouth, Sons of Anarchy watching patrons, Heart and Dagger will sit very well with you.
    (It's kind of not really even a dive bar, shh)They *are* cash only.
    There is an ATM with a $2.
   25 fee, but you get that back fast because their drinks are so stinkin' cheap-- and strong!There is a pool table room and (the best part), an amazing outdoor patio that is friendly to your cigarette smoking buds.
    It's kind of the perfect place to be on a summer night.
    Heart &amp; Dagger is a solid go-to bar in Oakland.
    Come here once &amp; you'll likely become a regular.
   one of my favorite places! cheap drinks, good people, a big back patio that is open late.
    Home made beef jerky, aweful/good movies playing and dog friendly.
    also hosted by some of the best bartenders/doormen you'll meet.
    Oh, almost forgot.
    they have three pinball machines (including walking dead) and a decent pooltable with a good/honest rotation of players.
   Love heart and dagger.
    My go to spot when I need a very laid back, wind down, kind of day.
   I drink too much.
     I came to that realization, drunk, during a disappointing pizza experience (why the fuck my bf drove us all the way to oakland for pizza who knows?)   What to do at 11pm on weeknight, drunk, concerned about how you will pay for Betty Ford and in Oakland?Heart and Dagger saloon.
   Sure, my boyfriend tells me he loves pizza more than me.
    Get me drink.
   Thank the Lord in Heaven he volunteered to DD.
   As Kevin B.
    mentioned, if the Zeitgeist is too far of a hoof to get to, then H and D will do.
     The back yard is pretty big and decked with communal tables for both large and small group outings.
     We arrived armed with IDs out (although no one, but NO ONE in my party looked even remotely underage) and was met with friendly banter from the door man no.
    1.
     At one point I couldn't find my friends--not like the place is really that big, so I blame jet-lag for my confusion--and went back out onto the street to look for them.
     Door man no.
    2 had all the charm of a TSA agent upon my re-entry not 2 minutes later.
     Maybe he thought I was some a-hole ABC cop trying to pull a fast one on him?  I wish the US could just lighten up a bit on ID checking, but I get why they can't.
     Anyway, this place is an interesting replacement for The Serenader, if, however, not in keeping with the vibe of that which existed for decades in this very spot.
     -a place where bitchin' BBQ reigned in the backyard and my white face was a minority.
   Great dive bar to drink at on a hot summer afternoon - The big back patio is usually bustling, but not too crowded to get a seat at a table (usually).
     Good beer selection, good service, good prices.
     Ive seen people set up picnics on the patio tables so it's pretty cool that they let you do that.
    Great place to hang out.
   Me likes.
     Outdoor patio.
     Everyone smokes.
     Everyone has a dog.
     Clean restrooms.
     Cash only.
     Good music.
     Pool table and PIN BALL!  Don't try to bring chicken wings from Hot wings with bones.
     Wilkie will not let you in.
     The dogs are very important.
   I was Chilling at the Slab when I get a Text from my Yelp Minister of Fun John Z to join the Posse at H&amp;D Saloon.
    So I jumped into my Whip Black Beauty and rolled to Oak town .
    I grabbed a parking spot right across the street.
     Tip 1 no parking lot just street parking.
   So I roll in and see John Z and Markus dominating the Pool Table.
    Anne Marie shooting Deer in the Arcade.
    Home Sweet Home.
    Yelp Posse in full effect.
   Nice Big Bar ,Friendly Bartenders ,LCD TVs for Entertainment and a Cool Back Patio for Summer Nights or Days.
   A wide selection of Beers and a cool retro Juke box adds to the Charm of H&amp;D Saloon.
   Great meeting Spot or a Friendly game of Pool H&amp;D is the place to be.
   Tip 2 They allow outside food in.
   This place is great.
    2$ canned beer and really nice bartenders.
    If you are looking to meet up with a group of friends this place has a really big patio with plenty of space.
    Also it is cash only, so be ready for that.
    Loved coming here and will be back.
   This is a neat, inexpensive, kind of gnarly bar in downtown Oakland.
    Definitely worth popping in! Don't mind the aggressive music and cool/weird stuff on the TV.
   Value for Money: 4 StarsCustomer Service: 4 StarsAmbience: 2 Stars (markdown for hipsters!)Location: 4 Stars.
   Heart and Dagger Saloon appeals to my mysterious and cheap side.
    everyday prices are cheap, HH is a bit cheaper.
   lots of entertainment options: pool table, pinball machines, video machines, juke box, flat screens.
    drink: gin &amp; tonic(4)-pretty strongguinness black lager(4)just so-soon draught:-happy hours(m-f, 4-7), $3 drafts, 3.
   5 wells -voted by bar 2011,  east bay express-voted best jukebox in bar 2011, east bay express-patio seating in rear-free parking under freeway after 6.
   -fast.
    smiling service-prepared to be carded-pizza, burger, wing food options nearby.
    .
   -many patrons wear leather and tats.
    clientele on the edge of heavy metal.
   This bar has a genuine rock 'n' roll atmosphere.
   Ah such a gem.
    My friend took me here to play pool about a month ago and now I go about once a week.
    There is usually rock music playing and something weird on the TV.
    However, If there is a game on then it will be on the TVs.
    They have pool and a couple of arcade games like pinball and buck hunter.
    They have an awesome outside patio with a bunch of picnic tables.
     You can take drinks outside and people can smoke out there too.
   You can bring your dog! There are usually at least two dogs in the place which is so awesome.
    CASH ONLY, but they have an ATM.
   No food, but there are food places next door and you can bring food in.
    Love this place.
   Well, my Yelp buddy Max has been going here for a while, and given that it's a six-minute walk from my house, I really have no excuse for not getting here sooner.
    Anyway, I've seen the light! This place is great.
    Pool tables are so rare here in NorCal! And a patio!And this place is right next to the parking are under the 580!.
   Decent prices, nice patio when it's warm outside.
   They allow dogs which is a plus.
   Good spot to hang low.
   It's a saloon.
   My head hurts, and it has nothing to do with what I drank last night.
     Water; I should start learning to drink more water.
     But what's a poor girl to do when a bar insists on serving her most favourite whiskey at such amazing prices??Heart &amp; Dagger - For years, I'd walked by this place too afraid of my own shadow to venture inside.
     Then one day, I came across a photo someone took of the outside and discovered that they kicked it up a few dozen notches on their curbside appeal.
     Then, The C.
    made me meet him here before showtime.
     Who knew that it would become a small trend?I now can proudly say that I overcame my misguided fears and have found a sweet little spot on the ever changing face of Lakeshore Ave to call home.
     This bar is perfect in its divey-ness, has a huge patio for perfect summer evenings, a nice little pool table that only costs $1 a game, and has an awesome jukebox that plays Flogging Molly and David Bowie!  Plus, the prices on the drinks are super inexpensive, and the bartenders are more than kindly souls that'll make you think of Cheers.
   You, too, should overcome your fears and check this place out.
     I feel myself lucky to have been introduced.
   Always fun.
   dive bar with a great crowd!!! Cash only FYI.
    Dog friendly which is cool and outside private patio.
   great place!!!.
   This establishment is hateful.
    I have never been treated so rudely.
    I bought one drink and tried to take a picture on my 21st birthday and the customers and employees were malicious in a creepy way.
    There was no wrong doing on my part, and yet my friend and I were assaulted by the bouncer and he tried to kick my friend.
    All we wanted to do was take a picture which we were told was okay, but the customers sitting around the mural were egotistical.
    Instead of the bouncer helping us get a picture he told us to take, he was on the side of the rude customer.
    We just wanted to have a good time but that's obviously not possible there.
    They were nothing but a bunch of creepy douche bags.
    Good luck at this bar.
    I would give this place 0 stars, if I could.
   When Zeitgeist is just too far away.
   The Heart &amp; Dagger Saloon wins on the name alone, but on a sunny day after a picnic on Lake Merritt, it's a great place to relax with friends.
    Like Zeitgeist across the bay, it's got a biker motif and strong beer on tap, along with a popular backyard for catching up with friends.
    This place also has pool tables and a well-stocked jukebox (also like Zeitgeist), so it's better designed for long stays instead of a quick drink, and the crowd gets friendlier as the afternoon goes on.
    If you're having a thirsty afternoon in the East Bay, quench here.
   Sooo ran to Heart and Dagger for a drink.
    After a long day.
    Stood there while the ex zz top member bartender serves about 5 people that came in after I did.
    he finally notices my 6'5 dude .
    And I "wave" to motion "over here" .
    Since I'm paying.
   He emulates my wave .
   extra dramatic then begins to reprimand me tell me to never wave at him again or he will just ignore me .
    I said well I just waved cause you asked the guy I'm with what he wanted and I'm buying sooo.
   He said NO SERIOUSLY I DONT CARE.
   I wish I had a drink in my hand so I could throw it on him.
   FUCK THAT PLACE.
    And especially THAT BARTENDER .
   I miss places where black people were allowed and treated with the same respect as the transplants .
   He felt completely justified coming at the ONLY black couple in the bar like that.
    Maybe I'm sensitive but really FUCK THAT PLACE.
    May it burn to the ground and be resurrected as the serenader again .
   One word for this establishment.
    RACIST.
    We are professional, well educated, LATINO couple in our 40's, born &amp; raised in SF and have lived in Lake Merritt for 10 years.
    We decided to have a beer on a Saturday night.
    The tattooed, black haired female bartender took our orders, delivered our beers.
   then THREW OUR CHANGE at us, for no apparent reason.
    Then the heavy set tattooed bartender says KICK ROCKS.
    For those of you who are not familiar with this term.
    Urban Dictionary definition: F*** OFF or GET OUTTA HERE.
    Shocked and utterly disgusted people like this exist in OAKLAND? REALLY? Thought we were imaging this, but Nope.
    Just read all the HIDDEN reviews, exactly the same.
    Bottom line.
    If you're brown or black.
    Don't bother.
    THIS ESTABLISHMENT TREATS MINORITIES LIKE GARBAGE.
   Still the most awesomest bar in town!Don't go with attitude and you won't get none, epic back patio and cheap drinks.
    Better like friendly dogs, if not don't bother.
    This is a super dog lovin' joint, if you fear them stay away and don't complain about them being there.
   consider yourself warned.
   Props to Suzy, Allison and Eric.
   damn the whole crew over there makes my day.
    Just pour me a strong drink, talk like a dirty sailor and I'm yours!A Quality, respectful stand up business.
   all haters can walk the plank!!!xoxo!.
   Great bar to play pool and just meet new people.
    Very pet friendly and easy going great jukebox music and a spacious outdoor seating area.
   pretty hipster bar a great improvement from the old bar it use to be.
   She suggested we meet at this bar in Oakland.
    I heard about it before and without context imagined it to be a seedy dive bar.
    I arrived first and sat at the bar.
    The bartender was nice, the drinks were very reasonable.
    My beer wasn't as cold as I would have liked.
    The crowd was definitely a varied mix of people.
    I walked around, and checked out the back patio.
    Then decided, this is cool place.
    My date showed up we had a few drinks.
     The bartender randomly brought us a couple of free drinks to taste.
    One thing led to another and we left together.
    (It must have been the Funky Cold Medina)I would definitely like to come back and recommend this bar.
   This is the only bar I like in my hood the bartenders actually remember who you are and always treat you friendly regardless of how busy they are.
    The mixed drinks are always good and the beers is always nice and cold.
     I always love when summer is around because it's fun to see what the guest keg will be.
    The music is always great and the movies they play on the background are always entertaining.
   Nice vibe and cool place to grab a beer and play a few games on a Friday night.
    They have a giant outdoor patio with tons of tables in the back and lots of arcade games and a pool table inside.
    It was kind of crowded when we went, so it took a while to find a seat and we didn't end up staying long enough to play pool but I would be down to come back and play a few rounds.
   Enjoy being able to sit out back and enjoy the beers.
    Friendly staff is always a plus.
   Soft opening tonight.
     Big Daddy on draft.
     Free Lanesplitter pizza.
     Great friends and deep conversation.
     If I didn't have a 10 month at home, I might find myself here MUCH more often.
     Wish you were there Ben.
    :(On the way out I saw local newsletter wordsmith Ken Katz.
     He was enjoying a Negra Modelo and surveying the territory.
     He asked me what I thought and said he looked forward to my Yelp review.
     This one is for you Ken!  Keep up the good confabulation.
     See you in the hood.
   If you like Lucky 13 or Lost Weekend in Alameda, you will love Heart and Dagger Saloon.
     Check 'er out!.
   One star for every sip of beer before my dog and I got booted.
   She was barking at another dog.
    Which I get is annoying and cause for concern.
    But she was only barking because she was leashed, and wanted to go greet the other dog.
    And she was only leashed because within a minute of walking in I was told I had to leash her.
    Which would have been fine and fair except that no other dogs were leashed.
    Which puts my girl in a weird situation where everyone else is meeting and greeting and she's tied down in a corner.
     Hence the barking.
    I kind of wanted to point all this out at the time, but it's been my experience that nothing good comes from arguing with bouncers, so we left.
    Which sucks! For the 3 minutes we were there it seemed like a cool little dive.
    We live around the corner, and I was hoping this could be our end up after walks around the lake.
   I've been there a few times and now I live a few blocks behind it so I'll be there a few times more.
   Trumer and a burger from next door.
   Kwik Way is theshit andthis place is lucky to be next door.
   It's a fine bar.
    Decent.
   Dog central park today in the back.
   But I got a burger and a beer,so nocomplaints.
   This place is cool if you are a trite, predictable cliché of a hipster / fauxpunk.
    If you like waiting 20 minutes for mediocre service and a can of PBR at 500% mark-up, please come on down to Heart and Dagger!Idiots are more than welcome to enjoy pretending at rebellion while leaning on broken, unusable pin ball machines.
   Don't forget that we offer a special discount if you are one of those girls with no particular talent and so you take your clothing off on stage assuming that means you're a burlesque dancer.
    Please hold your next "desperate for mom's attention" meeting here and get a free pitcher of horse piss! I mean Tecate!.
   I used to like this place!  What the crap happened?  The bartender wasn't just rude, it was some whole other level of maximum hatred!  Did she think I was someone else?  Someone who had stolen her husband, killed her dog, and burned down her house?  Because that's what it felt like.
     Damn.
   After eventually getting a beer, we head over to play the pinball machines and they are in such a sorry state as to basically be a total ripoff.
     Heart and Dagger, I can take a hint.
     You don't want me to come there and spend my money, so I shant.
   Okay, I admit I was only in here for 15 minutes, meeting friends before seeing a movie at the Grand Lake Theatre.
     However, for a dive bar it's not really divey at all.
    Yes, it's dark and has pool tables.
    But everyone is really nice and the place is clean and not skeazy.
    Not only that but there's a great back patio.
    There's lots of bike parking out front and they don't mind if you lock up onto the railing either.
    The bouncer didn't give me any grief about running in then out, parking my bike right next to the front door (I asked if it was okay) and then leaving again without actually getting a drink.
    Definitely recommended as a nice neighborhood bar.
    Drinks are inexpensive and stiff .
   Cash only is a  bit irritating.
   Only one toilet Plenty of seating outside .
   I felt comfortable here and I think that it was because everyone was so friendly and engaging.
    I should remember to visit that side of the lake for a more often especially if I'm in the mood for mustaches, boys who ride bikes , tattoos and a slick comb over, oh wait.
   that is like.
    all day , everyday.
    Welp, alrighty then.
   LOVE this bar!  It's charmingly divey, without being disgusting.
   unlike this one bar I went to recently who's name I will not mention where patrons just dropped trou' and urinated all over the bloody patio - sorry, but that's just nasty.
    I digress.
    H&amp;D's bartenders are hella' friendly and they pour heavy.
     Seriously, I can typically hold my booze pretty well and one $10 pint-glass-sized-long-island had me buzzing preeetty hard.
     There's a pool table that's almost always occupied by friendly people who are happy to work you into the rotation, puppies! (yes, puppies.
    It's dog-friendly), a nice outdoor patio for the smokers, tasty food just next door, a jukebox, arcade games, and an ATM machine (they don't take cards).
     It's really nice to have this bar within walking distance of our house.
     It's by far the best neighborhood bar I've experienced yet.
   For saving my arse literally.
    And having clean facilites.
   I had  Trader's Joes and was loaded up with my bags when the urge hit to use the Bathroom like super bad like Damn I wish I had on a Diaper Bad like I might have to take a shit right here right now on the sidewalk and be on the bus hella shitty- like ( and deeply deeply ashamed).
    I dropped my bags and rushed into the Bar praying it would be friendly and not you-gotta buy-to shit.
    I was id checked ( I do look like a kid) and raced to the bathroom.
    Praying no body else would have to come in cause the bathroom was super tiny with one stall and no way to pretend the stink wasn't emerging from me.
   And there it goes a female patron enters just as I uh let go.
    Can't help but smell that!-Sigh- Oh well I am grateful it went down this way and not on the bus (feeling deeply deeply ashamed).
   Well made, quality drinks with a cool dive bar feel.
    There's pinball and pool which makes it great for bro-nights.
    The patrons are stylish and friendly.
    I really like the back patio area.
   This place is very cool.
     Great drinks and service.
     Next time I hope to get a spot on the über-cool patio.
     I can't remember the last time I had booze and played the video game Galaga (spelling?) Anyway, I had a great time and will definitely be back.
   This used to be the go-to bar for my friends and fellow Bay Area Derby girls.
    It was our hang out, we've given them a lot of business.
    But then today after a beautiful sunny day and a skate around the lake we decided to stop in for a drink.
    We looked on the outside for any sign about "no shoes, no service" but there wasn't one so we went in.
    Two of us had shoes, I did not.
    We proceeded to order our drinks.
    We saw a cute dog sitting on a bar stool and gave it some love.
    I got my beer and then a manager type abruptly told us we had to take our skates off, so we did.
    My friends and I grabbed our drinks and headed to the beer garden in the back (me in my socks).
    I took a few sips of my refreshing beer and Miss Cranky Pants told me that I must be wearing *shoes* or I have to leave.
    I did not have shoes so I got my money back from my beer and left the premises.
    It's too bad the woman was so prickly.
    The woman could've been much friendlier and more professional in her approach towards us but she treated the three of us with such disdain that it left us confused and surprised about her behavior.
    There was no sign posted about shoes in the front (only a sign about a 2 drink minimum).
   they allow dogs in the establishment and they allow people to smoke pot AND there is no handicap access to the establishment.
   but somehow stocking feet is not acceptable? Would they ban people in bare feet wearing flip-flops? The rules just seem a little off and we certainly didn't deserve the rude treatment.
    Me, my friends, and the Bay Area Derby girls will not be returning to the Heart &amp; Dagger.
   Proud to say this is my neighborhood bar! Love the atmosphere, puppy dogs and staff!.
   I don't usually review bars, but I loooooove Heart and Dagger! Beers are yummy, drinks are pretty good, but the best part is the patio.
    People bring their dogs back there, it's awesome!We'll usually come here and chill in the patio, maybe play some pin ball, then move to the next bar.
    We usually hit up Lanesplitter Pizza afterwords because it's so closeby.
    Delish.
   Bah! This bar has so much potential.
    Yes! Go on a sunday and get mimosas.
    Sit out in the patio, and enjoy your day.
    then go wander to the lake and stare at the hobo geese eating cigarette butts.
   Noooooo, don't go on a regular night.
    the shape of the place is sooo weird and awkward, either you're in the way of the pool table or standing by a pole in the front, squeezed by the bar, or freezing in the back patio slowly absorbing lung cancer.
    I asked for a gin and tonic and got soda and tonic.
    talk about the most extreme of a buzz kill.
     Soda is the hill billy cousin to city gal tonic.
    Also, just because this bar is called Heart &amp; Dagger doesn't mean you get to be a mean jerk.
   I repeat, get week-end day drinks here.
   Cool, neighborhood-y bar with a lovely back patio area, a friendly staff and a great selection of beers and booze.
   There's good affordable food nearby and the place is usually filled with friendly locals.
   I dig it!.
   So, my friend just moved to the bay area from good ol' NYC, and we decide to have a night out on the town, to welcome her to Oakland.
     Granted, we're both tired and lame after a week of work, so a night out on the town ends up consisting of one drink then home.
   HOWEVER.
   My one drink was a super cheap aged Jameson, and hers was a super cheap PBR tallboy.
     WELCOME TO OAKLAND.
   We met my friend there whose pet pug (I'm sorry, he's a service dog, for real) is a regular at the bar.
     Seriously, he sits on a bar stool.
     WELCOME TO OAKLAND.
   We headed out back where it was beautiful outside, despite being the end of October.
     WELCOME TO OAKLAND.
   On the back patio, my friend starts getting agitated.
     I don't know why.
     I realize it's because half the people here are not just smoking cigarettes, and where she's been living, that's still illegal.
     I mean, technically, it is here too, but really: WELCOME TO OAKLAND.
   Heart and Dagger is a great dive bar located near the historic Grand Lake Theater, conveniently nestled amongst other eateries and shops.
   - easy going vibe- back patio- outside food friendly (you can bring your own)- dog friendly-  fun (pinball, pool table, juke box)- be sure to bring photo ID - i.
   e.
    license, passport.
    State law requires that every patron have one (even if you look 21+) otherwise they get fined big time.
   - cash only (ATM on the premises).
   CASH ONLY! cool patio in the back and cool staff.
    nice local hang out.
    it's very low key and chill.
    i'd go back if i was in the area and it was happy hour.
   Went on a whim after a friend recommed the place to me.
   I had a great time.
    and too much to drink.
   lol.
    they ordered me a cab and someone offered to move my car for me since they had street sweeping early the next morning.
   what a nice thing to do.
   I would totally go back the vibe was pretty cool and the bartender was great.
   biker looking guy with a goatee.
   I'd like to give props but, I can't remember his name.
   Had a great time.
   Well, this was a fun night!  A little dive-y, dark, and grungy, but I live down the street and have always wanted to see inside!  I ended up getting a mimosa for 4$ (I think.
   ) which was pretty good.
     The back patio is pretty cool, but I couldn't stay long because it was beyond freezing the night I went.
     Also, do you think it might be a good idea to put lights outside?  Or, more lights outside?  I mean, its cool and all to sit and drink in the dark.
    but more fun to see the person you came with!  I really prefer the two seater RIGHT by the windows inside by the bar- so quaint and cozy!I read they once had a mechanical bull.
    am I wrong?  If they did, crowds would multiply, and I would be there every Sat!.
   Decent place, but the bartender could certainly have been less of a bitch.
   What other bar would explicitly say on their website that their mission is to have cheap drinks with no cover?Hey, Yelp stalkers (that are dwindling in numbers every day)! Want to stalk for reals? I'm here every Friday without fail because this bar is so freaking awesome.
    Though it's not on the ridiculously cheap Happy Hour special list ($3 drafts and well drinks), their Dirty Martinis are some of the best I've ever had (still at a super cheap price!).
   Do yourself a favor and get there early to snag a seat on the outdoor patio under the lemon tree.
    The Heart and Dagger has friendly service (I need not mention their predecessors), friendly patrons, and an all together relaxed and fun vibe.
    Cash only, and watch out.
    I'll probably steal your seat on the patio.
   Eek! Methinks not.
   That's exactly how I feel about this place, and the bartender helped out with that feeling.
     By the way this is no Zeitgeist!  That's like calling Taco Bell authentic Mexican.
     Anyway.
   Me and my lady walked in Sunday late evening around 7ish not packed but there was people.
     I thought the layout was nice, games are cool, and yes the Jukebox is the God of Heart and Dagger.
     Trust me if it weren't for that jukebox they might have got 1 star.
     Ordered tequila with club soda and a bloody mary for the first round.
     Hmmm I've had better and I wasn't feeling the bartenders dry attitude.
     It's not like I wanted her to do cart wheels but damn girl smile at least.
     We stepped outside to feel the vibe out there since there wasn't much of a vibe at the bar.
     Beautiful lemon tree, plenty of awkward seating, and a big bummer is you can't hear the music outside.
     We decided one more drink and depending on the bartenders attitude we would decide if we where going to stay or leave.
   Shot of Fernet please and one more tequila with club soda.
     I received what seemed like half a shot for 6 bucks and a half ass thanks.
     The guy next to me ordered a shot of Fernet too and it was beyond obvious his shot was double what was in my glass.
     Whatevs I finished my shot and left.
     You guys can all have this place cause it ain't fulfilling my drunk lover needs.
   From the outside, it looks like someone simply converted their quaint little house into a public bar.
    Inside is a bit more rock n roll, loud music and pool.
    $2 PBR tallies make pretty much any hole in the wall a worthwhile stop for a drink or two.
    The back patio is perfect for a summer evening but gets crowded fast as most of the room out there is taken by tables.
    Dog friendly despite not having the friendliest of dogs.
   You know what I like? Booze.
    You know what else I like? A bar that will give me said booze at a price that won't break my wallet (Ummmm, hello? Uptown? Your $8.
   00 Maker's shot can eat a bag of dicks.
   )This place is totally going to hit five stars soon.
    There are still a lot of small details that are getting worked out but you know what? The owners are hands on and working on them.
    I see them there almost every single night greeting people, talking to them about improvements.
    hell, I even saw one of them leave their guests they had come in with to help one of their bartenders who had gotten slammed and lost in the weeds.
   I've read the accusations of this place being racist and I just don't know what the hell you people are talking about.
    I can go on about it but giving it any more space than two sentences is giving credence to a line of bullshit that is just reDONKulous.
    There are few places in Oakland that I've found that allow me to feel comfortable with a wide array of friends.
    I can have this as my place to start the night, spend the night, or end the night.
    Oh - did I mention that Lanesplitters usually drops off pizza when they close? Yeah.
    free drunk food.
    All you one-star givers can join to Uptown on eating their bag of dicks.
   I knew I would like this place when this was on the juke box while I entered youtube.
   com/watch?v=BIvk… There was once a time when this place was the Serenader and that place scared the daylights out of me.
    The patrons would shout at me when I walked past and I figured that heckling/intimidating patrons with the potential to scare off customers and I totally wrote about it on Yelp and it was #$%&amp;ING FLAGGED AND REMOVED because I violated TOS.
    Well, ha, it took two years for them to pull it.
    And, well, ha, MICHELLE S.
    WILL NOT BE SILENCED! HAHAHAHA!Sorry.
   Anyway, some time ago, I reviewed Zietgiest and was so pissed that the patios seemed to be in SF rather than in the warmer climate of Oakland.
   Guess what! Enter Heart and Dagger Saloon! I finally stumbled in to check this place out yesterday afternoon (they open at noon or 1 pm on the weekends) and it was a very great anti-brunch and anti-farmer's market thing to do.
    The patrons are very talkative and approachable.
    The staff is super friendly and efficient.
    They have an impressive bourbon collection and two types of sangria.
    And, most importantly, a back patio.
   Now if the Oakland Tamale guy would stop doing the Telegraph bars and come here instead.
   Heart and Dagger.
    The name says it all.
    The best thing about this bar is they have cheap drinks and they have a back patio.
    I'm not a fan of going to bars where you can bring dogs.
    I'm from the super duper old school.
    Dogs should stay their little furry butts at home.
    As soon as i walked my fly butt out side to find a seat.
    The most ugliest poodle walked up to me and started liking my leg.
    This dog was going in for the kill, his nose was going further up my dress.
    I literally started screaming and telling the dog to get the hell away from me.
    OK i think yawl get the hint I'm not a dog lover.
    Now don't get me wrong I like dogs.
    Bottom line Heart and Dagger the name says it all.
    Please don't spend to much of your life at this bar unless you rock outfits that have skull and bones on them.
    Get my drift.
   3 terrific pinball gamesAttack from Mars (Bally)Creature from the Black Lagoon (Bally)Arabian Nights (Williams)$3.
   50 PBR TallboysDecent jukebox (no autotunes)Mellow people (seemed free of hipsters.
   ).
   I have never been treated so rudely by a bartender (and we all know how they can be sometimes, lol).
    But imagine my surprise when it turned out to be the self-proclaimed OWNER of the place.
    I am still just shocked by her blatant disrespect of my friends and I, I still have absolutely no idea why we were treated in this fashion-- the only cause i could speculate is that I was with mostly people of color.
    shocking for Oakland, but i have racked my brain and that is the only thing i can come up with.
    The bartender did not want us there from the second we walked in and she made that very clear.
    Nor did she even care when I tried to address the matter with her, happy to hear she had lost all of our business forever.
    I see that a few other reviewers had similar experiences, how sad.
   All's I know is that I know a LOT of bars in Oakland that at least pretend to care about their customers.
    I will never go back to this bar, it's certainly no good to be so blatantly disrespected, but I'm certainly not going to PAY to be treated that way.
    lol.
   I just moved to Lakeshore from Montclair, and you know what excites me?  The fact that I can walk to a bar and stumble home late at night after.
     You know what doesn't excite me?  The fact that Heart and Dagger Saloon of Oakland is my local bar.
   Let's be honest, I haven't seen this many white people together in one place since Oakland's First Friday (or as I lovingly call it, "White Night").
     The lay out is funky .
    .
    .
    especially the VIP raised table right as you walk in the door.
     The outside is nice and I will definitely try it again in the summertime, but really, I don't want to go anywhere that makes my "ethnic" friends feel uncomfortable .
    .
    .
    .
   Looks like we're going to Easy.
   Heart and Dagger is a-okay.
    The patio is gigantic, probably more room out there than in the actual bar.
    Prices were reasonable, but comparisons to Lucky 13 or similar bars with awesome beer selections and divey vibes are a bit uncalled for; there aren't that many beers on tap, and the crowd there (Saturday afternoon) was more likely to be reading the paper than to be chatting it up with fellow bar patrons.
    Dog friendly though!.
   i dunno what i was expecting when i heard this was a biker dive bar.
   maybe a little more dive and a little more hott bikers.
   ? parking was easy, directly across the street.
   and well, the spot itself is pretty cool inside with pool tables, pinball machines, and a jukebox.
    The bartender worked up some strong drinks and the other patrons were pretty accommodating.
   the patio area was pretty big lined up with park benches to share, but the lighting def needs improving so us cougs could see which cubs are available to hunt! some of my biker friends rave about this spot because of it being biker friendly and maybe it just wasn't the night for them to be there.
   so i'll be back and give it another try, maybe on a saturday.
   check back and i'll let you know!.
   Walked in here for the first time and was like "so THIS is what the Serenader looks like from the inside!"Great out door patio, stiff cheap drinks, good jukebox, men with facial hair .
    .
    .
    sign me up!.
   Where everybody knows your name!We have been going to the Heart and Dagger since it opened, usually with me draped in my cool H and D swag.
   This is a throwback to a great neighborhood bar, with a little punk thrown in.
    We went last night to reintroduce our recently transplanted friends back to the amazing-ness that is the Bay Area, and ran into a group of friends.
    That is what I love about this place! Knowing that our friends all go there, and that we can catch up and hang out on the patio for hours is awesome!Boozy Suzy always makes me a delicious custom made drink when I am hanging out with all of the beer drinking boys, which puts a smile on my face every time.
   The boys love getting Lane-Splitters for dinner, and staying and talking the night away.
    Now, if I can only get Lane Splitters to carry gluten free pizza, I would never leave!.
   If you are looking for a dive bar, you can't do much better than this in Oakland.
    The drinks are cheap, there's a great outdoor seating area and plenty of people watching.
    It gets a little smokey in the patio, but what do you expect from outdoor seating at a bar.
    Pinball and Pool are also big pluses.
   Love the fact that karaoke is not and never will be allowed!They pour great drinks with great prices and a very fun crowd to watch.
   Check it out!.
   I love, love love love Heart and Dagger! It's about time that Oakland got a decent rocker/biker/alternative bar!I've heard people call it a "dive bar" but it's anything but.
    If you love Zeitgeist in SF, imagine a smaller, east bay version.
    That's what you get at Heart and Dagger.
   Plus, you can actually go and get a few drinks and not spend more than $20.
    The jukebox is loaded with bitchin' tunes.
    The staff is super friendly.
    The place is Dog friendly.
    And they let you bring in food from other places to eat.
    And once in a while, Lane Splitters will bring by free pizza that's left over at the end of the night or wrong orders.
   It's cozy and comfy.
    All races, genders, gays, straights welcome.
    It's nice to see a diverse alternative culture and not feel like you walked into a snobby hipster bar for once.
    Heart and Dagger has certainly become my version of "Cheers!".
   I dig this bar, I really do.
    The staff is friendly (even the door guys are nice) and there's usually a fun crowd inside.
    My favorite time to visit Heart and Dagger is on a lazy Sunday when the back patio is filled with dogs, cigarettes and tall boys.
    Drinks are reasonably priced, has every amenity you'd ever ask of a dive, and the bathrooms aren't gross! I can only speak for the Men's bathroom, though.
    Also, if you're hungry, Lanesplitters (as well as other awesome grub) is right next to Heart and Dagger, and the bar is totally cool with you bringing a pizza box in to share with friends.
   Additional bonuses: 3 pinball tables and an ATM machine.
    When their ATM machine isn't working, there's a bank 50 feet away.
    The only negative: When the outside patio is closed and the bar is packed, the inside of the bar will make you claustrophobic.
   If I've said it once, I've said it a million times:  This place is great as long as the back yard stays open.
     When they shut it down and start hustling us in at 11 or 11:30 or whenever it is, it is just way too small to accommodate us.
     Inevitably this results in an additional trip either back to the Kona or the Ruby Room.
   I know they're trying to be good neighbors and I can respect that, but the early nightly closing of the outside is a total buzzkill.
   While my pals and I were wandering around Oakland on a sunny day, we came here to get a drink and sit at their outdoor patio.
     It was a bit of a 30-something meat market.
     Since we were not really out on the prowl, it was a sort of hilarious scene.
     We drank mimosas and watched a group of British men hit on any women who'd have them.
     I don't know about what it's like at night or when it's cold, but I found it quite enjoyable in the lovely Oakland sun.
     Not really worth a trip to the East Bay, but good if you're already there.
   3.
   5 stars!It gets knocked back from 4 because the only beer I (kinda) like there is Sierra Nevada.
     But this is a great last stop for when you don't care anymore and you just want to knock back a PBR tallboy or two.
    Classy!   Anywaaaays, it may not be the classiest joint but it is a lot of fun -- there are little video games, a pool table, and a large outdoor patio.
     The TVs play the randomest crap, and everyone there is just chillin'.
     Gets a little crowded, but that's part of the fun.
    And when you finally get kicked out, the Taco Guys sometimes park their truck outside, so you can grab an organic, free-range, vegetarian-fed taco (it's very important for your 2 a.
   m.
    drunk self to be environmentally friendly) to go with that last PBR.
   Pitchers, pinball, patio! Great neighborhood dive bar.
    good location, average prices, dogs outside.
    Definitely plan on going back regularly.
   This is now the bar I call my neighborhood favorite.
     I love that it has an outdoor patio.
     The one downside is that I'm a nonsmoker so if it's crowded it's hard to get away from the smokers but it's worth it to me to sit outside on a sunny day and enjoy a beer.
     The beers are priced great, especially if you get there early enough for happy hour.
     Dogs are allowed in the back which offers some entertainment if there are a few there.
     The bartenders have always been very friendly.
     I haven't been back in a while since the weather has been cold but the next warm, sunny day I have off work I know where I'm headed.
   If the Lexington in SF and Zeitgeist in SF had a love child it would be Heart and Dagger.
    In recent years there has been a gaggle of gays moving over to Oakland, myself included, and we needed a gayborhoody hangout.
    I do believe Heart and Dagger fits the bill! A group of us went to Heart and Dagger and we knew we were "home" when Gary, any dyke worth her weight knows this doorman, greeted us! There were hugs all around! He has been working the door at some infamous lesbian parties in SF for years.
    He is an East Bay boy so he is right at home at Heart and Dagger.
    The bar has that "cozy" Lex feeling and the backyard is like Zeigeist's little sister.
    There is also a pool table indoors and it's surrounded by tons of raggedy old bar stools and a couple throne type areas to chill in.
    Random, but welcomed.
    Good, full bar with some attractive bartenders.
    Always a bonus! Prices were excellent.
    And don't worry hip straighties, it is a diverse crowd and everyone seems to be welcomed with open arms.
    We like that.
    Diversity good.
    Let's do the math: Cool hangout space+good bar with good prices+backyard space+Gary at the door+plenty of parking across the street = a sweet little gayborhoody spot we plan to frequent.
   Eek!  Methinks never again.
   Went here a few times and thought it was alright.
     After having my bike tires slashed and the bartender refusing service saying "I don't serve blonds" to my male friend.
   I'm done.
   Pros:Patio out backCute dogsCons:Rude bartenderOnly one toilet.
   which clogs and people still piss (and crap) in it until it's fullBike tires SLASHED.
   no sign in sight saying do NOT park your bike herePeople beauregarding the jukebox with annoying musicIf you're willing to put up with idiots for bartenders, nasty toilets, and flat tires please go here!.
   Five stars for a bar?  What caught your eye Tim?  What could possibly be that awesome:This F**&amp;ing place.
   Pinball: Sweet.
   Three of 'em: Even sweeterMaximum Force/ Area 51 arcade game: You mean I can get drunk and kill things ?,Pacman/Froger/Galaga/all sorts of other cool 80's hits, flashback out of the time I was in diapers.
     RadJukebox with Iron Maiden and the Clash? And all sorts of other badass tunes? CheckCheap drinks too? I just shit myself in excitement.
     Maybe I'll go to the bathroom to cl.
   Holy crap there's a patio too?  This place gets my vote and my dollar.
    Its smaller than you expect but the folks tend to be friendly and loud.
     Its a good time and theres tons of parking across the street.
   Like my lady said: It's a dive bar, but without the urine and cigarette stench.
     WHOA.
   I kinda like this place.
   Tuesday night &amp; about twenty patrons.
   Sierra Nevada on tap for $3.
   00(Happy hour until 7:00)Appears to be an old house @ some point in it' s past life,some new paint &amp; stucco made a large improvement.
   Fairly neat &amp; clean.
   Ping pong table in action in the back patio.
   Bar tender was friendly &amp; helpful with beer selection.
   Mixed crowd on my visit.
   Parking was no big deal (right across the steet.
   A big improvement from the last sh*#hole bar previously residing @ this location.
   Patio looks to be a good spot for hot summer nights.
   Go already!!!.
   Loved the pinball and the backyard seating! Cash only so come prepared.
    Great spot for a bloody mary on a Sunday afternoon.
    Bring your pooch along!.
   When this place first opened up, I thought it was pretty cool.
     I loved the pinball, back patio &amp; the jukebox was pretty good too.
     However, over the last year I've gone there, my impression declined from "great" to "okay" to "absolutely never again will I set foot in the place".
     The first reason I started going was for the pinball, but whatever company leases the machines to the bar (California Amusement Group?) does not keep them in good repair.
     Since they opened, I've been there to play the machines multiple times, and each time, every single one of the 3 games were in such disrepair as to make the game almost a complete waste of money because you couldn't make key shots for scoring (like an intermittent or weak flipper, or a semi-functioning plunger).
     Eventually, I stopped going there as often because of that, but gave it another chance a couple nights ago because my friend's friend was having a birthday party there - BIG mistake.
     My friend (also female) and I waited at the bar to get a drink for over 20 minutes while the bartender completely ignored us, giving no eye contact &amp; no acknowledgement that she saw us, while serving everyone else at the bar, including people who had clearly come up to the bar after us.
     I'm pretty patient when a bar is crowded, because I understand that it's not an easy job.
     However, as we got passed over, time &amp; time again, it was obvious that the bartender just did not want to serve us.
     WTF?  There was even some jerk standing fully behind me who leaned over my shoulder &amp; shouted - "pitcher of Trumer" - who got served while we were still waiting there!  Finally, there was guy standing next to my friend who could see what was going on (who had also come up AFTER us), and then sure as sh*t, the bartender came up to ask HIM what he wanted, so he pointed to us and said "these ladies were first", and she scoffed &amp; said something totally dismissive like "okay whatever" and then reluctantly asked what we wanted.
     After she served us, she started ignoring the guy who pointed out that we were next.
     Okayyyyy - wow.
     I'm not sure why we got that kind of treatment, but it felt pretty crappy.
     I sortof wondered whether it was because I was an obvious dyke.
     I couldn't think of any other reason why we got treated that way, unless maybe the bartender just has a problem with other women in general?  (I've seen other reviews by women here who have mentioned crappy treatment by a female bartender here as well).
     In any case, regardless of the reason, this bartender obviously did not want me &amp; my friend's business, and the owners don't care that their patrons get ripped off on their janky pinball machines either, so Mission Accomplished!!!  I will never go there again!Sad, because it had so much potential.
   My favorite neighborhood joint.
    It's cozy.
    The patrons are young, diverse, attractive, and take good care of themselves.
    The bar staff and security are really friendly.
    Nice change from comparable larger venues in the City.
    This is where I plan to bring my friends this summer.
   The music hits all my sweet spots--blues, rockabilly, punk, HEAVY METAL.
    The beer selection is good enough for me--and it's cheap! And if I overkill (which I almost never do anymore) I live right up the street and could crawl home if necessary.
    Perfect.
    If grog and whiskey ain't your thing, then be sure to ask for a Suzie-kazi if Boozie Suzie is slingin shots.
   Need something to pad the sauce so you can see straight despite beer goggles? Head over to Lanesplitter's right next door--OR DRINK SOME MORE UNTIL YOU'VE DRUNK YOURSELF SOBER.
   I thought this place was cute.
    The drinks were great and super cheap.
    We went on a Friday night around 9 and it was packed.
    I thought the outdoor space was great.
    It had cute brick/cobble stone floor, lots of stringed lights and the cutes local puppy.
    I will say that the layout is ridiculous, they could have fit way more tables or at least some drink holding counters.
    i spent most the night reorganizing the space layout in my head.
    The crowd seemed a little young, college- single types, but everyone was friendly and calm-ish.
    However it was only 9 and the party was just beginning.
   they have pool table and pin-ball but they were packed and unlikely to be able to play.
   All-n-all: i would go back for a beer and hang.
    but after we left here, we stumbled upon all that is holey in Dive Bars.
     Smitty's Cocktails, review to follow!!.
   Heart and Dagger is my neighborhood  bar hangout.
    For those in the Grand Lake area, it really is convenient which adds to it's draw.
    It can get a bit crowded on Friday and Saturday night.
    It has a cool motorcycle vibe and some tough looking characters that frequent.
    While it has some diversity of character, however, it really is a hipster-ific bar.
     Lanesplitters, the next door pizza joint, will often deliver the pizza at the end of the night.
    GREAT outdoor patio with a fun lemon tree.
    In three words: cheap, convenient and cool.
   Everything I want in a bar: cheap drinks, comfortable back yard to sit and drink in (complete with a huge lemon tree in the center), good jukebox, decent not-to-cool-for-school bartenders, a first person shooter video game, and a non-douchey clientele.
   I love this place.
   Can you say cheap drinks? Well, I use to pop up at this place before Heart and Dagger took over.
    The mgmt kept changing and it wasn't always safe to go, but they had great bands.
    It was called Serenadas.
    Soooooooo, the bar was finally sold to someone who knows what to do.
   The bartenders are super fast, super friendly, and always something weird, or interesting on their tv sets.
    They have pool, playing machine, and a HUGE patio for smoking.
    Did I already say cheap drinks?The music is a variety of rock, heavy metal, non heavy metal, and all sorts of other stuff.
     Now, hopefully your a dog lover because you might see a few dogs or cats.
    Hard to describe the crowd, but everyone seems cool.
    Oh, for the 3rd time, cheap drinks!!!!! Oh, they occasionally give you free pizza from next door.
   Who cars about dog, different music, or anything else if you getting served cheap fast drinks.
    There are 4 other bars in the area if you don't like this one.
    Right by the grand theatre, plenty of cabs, near the bus line, so no excuse for you not to go.
    Check it out!!!!.
   The patio is large and dog friendly.
    Employees are nice.
    Bouncer is awesome.
    Pinball.
    Cool regulars to talk to.
    The lock on the bathroom door works (hard to find at bars).
    Free parking in a lot across the street.
   Excellent music.
    Off the top of my head, last night I can remember hearing Faith No More, High On Fire, The Cramps, and Slayer.
    The bartender was wearing a Minor Threat shirt and they had Grindhouse playing on the TV when I walked in around 5:30.
   It's a few doors down from Lanesplitters, who donates the delicious pizza they don't sell at the end of the night to hungry bar patrons.
   Last time hanging out on the patio, I witnessed a Blue Heron take a GIANT crap on a couple of screaming girls.
    This is a great place.
   Good prices, pool table, good juke, and a PATIO! A backyard patio is so rare here in Oakland, so it scores.
   A lot of reviewers seem to have had problems with the bartenders.
    I haven't.
    The crowd is cool, too.
    Good people.
   I'd like to have a bit more room inside, and maybe a second pool table, but other than those tiny things, this place rocks.
   This place is pretty great.
   The drinks are cheap here.
    &amp; of course, like most of the dive bars -it's cash only.
    Luckily they have a BoA and CHASE within walking distance.
    There's also this awesome pizza place next door to go to feed your intoxicated needs.
    Overall a great dive bar.
   a WHOLE lot better than the Ruby Room or Radio.
   (I think its the same owner?).
    The backdoor patio could use a little more lighting though and that nasty lonely blue bulb should be replaced.
   4 stars as room for growth.
    Great little rock and roll neighborhood bar!(too clean to call it a 'dive')They've got  a pool table, a few pinball machines and one of those table ms.
    pacmans.
   Decor is cute, place is clean, and the jukebox is outstanding.
   I'm really excited about 2 things at this place:#1.
    Tuesday nights.
    (For DML)#2.
    The back patio.
    I can just imagine the awesomeness of meeting friends for booze brunches, or cooling off on balmy(ish) summer nights.
   We wanted to get something to eat after the horrifying West Elm/Pottery Barn warehouse sale a couple weekends back and stumbled upon this place.
    The atmosphere is great - a bunch of food and beverage spots all under one roof.
    Kind of reminds me of Gotham West Market in NYC.
    I ordered the pork tacos smothered in a red sauce, topped with pickled onion and cilantro.
    The two tacos came with a side of pinto beans.
    It was good, the pork was tender, the beans were also good.
    I do agree with most of the other reviews on price, it is kind of steep.
    I think it was $12/$13 for two tacos and some beans.
    the tacos were little so I am not sure why they command such a high price.
    But they were good! If I was in the area again, I would go back for sure.
   A friend said yeah let's go its delicious.
     No.
    It's over priced mexican food that wants to be good for you.
    I ate a torta and may never come here again unless I need to feel good about my food choices or maybe I'll get a salad or something.
     So don't go thinking your going to have mexican food as you will be sadly mistaken.
   Love love freakin LOVE this place! The staff are really nice, food is EXCELLENT!! Great spot to eat for lunch even dinner.
    The tostadas on Tuesday are to die for! MUST TRY! MUST TRY! It'll never disappoint.
    P.
   s.
    Pork belly tacos.
    I mean shut up right!.
   This place is one of my "go-tos" for lunch.
     I have dined here about 6 times and each time it has been really good.
     Service is limited since its a walk up and order place; they do deliver food to the table and are super nice.
     Its a local place in the "Swan" center with multiple eateries as well as a fish market inside.
     Handmade tortillas and creative "cocktails" (no hard alcohol, but they do make a good "bloody" style drink with cayenne pepper crusted candy sticks (have only seen these in Mexico before).
     Fresh, fresh, fresh!  Oh yeah, I have had pork, fish, shrimp and chicken tacos - all great!.
   Today we got for lunch the crispy wild shrimp tacos and peach salad! Absolutely fantastic and delicious.
   I love this place.
    Although its crowded we found a table with 3 seatings right away.
   AMAZING.
    Everything i've gotten here has been incredible and i'm a very big fan (in case you couldn't already tell) Their menu changes so there no guarantee that they will have a certain dish a given night.
    However, I was really impressed by the tamale i had here and the chicken anchiote.
    Comes with awesome sides of rice and beans, tortilla and everything tastes so freshly made.
    Some could argue this place is on the pricier side compared to standard Mexican fare, but at first bite you will realize its absolutely worth it and keep coming back like i do.
   Cosecha, Cosecha, Cosecha.
    I have such a weird relationship with you.
    I truly do like you, but you are expensive.
    I recognize that quality ingredients and such tastiness do cost money.
    But, spending $15 on 2 shrimp tacos and some beans in downtown Oakland at a pretty casual spot is insane to me?! Were those deliciously large shrimp tacos so tasty? YES, albeit a bit sloppy to eat.
    Plump wild shrimp, tempura fried with some jalapeno on 2 corn tortillas was perfection.
    I went the blue plate special and at $15 with beans, I was shocked.
    I actually think I wish I bought 2 at $5.
   50 per taco.
    :: FRIDAYS only for those shrimp tacos, btw.
   :: So, there, I said it.
    I don't like dropping $15 on a casual lunch, but those shrimp tacos are so worth it.
    I've actually dined here quite regularly for lunch since my move nearby almost a year ago and you always ignite the same reactions.
    When I'm paying, I gulp and say: how much? But, then my food arrives and I enjoy, maybe even savor every bite and can appreciate the ingredients.
    And although your portions don't seem huge, they are more than enough food and quite filling.
    In the end, Mexican is one of those foods.
    You expect to pay less and when you don't, you're like, excuse me? But man, Cosecha is so tasty.
    From their tacos, to their tortas, to their quesadillas, I've always been impressed.
    *Seating can be a bit of pain, since this spot's located within Swan's Marketplace.
    A co-op of sorts for local restaurants where they share the seating space.
    Lunch time is always packed weekdays, but taking a quick glance at their Saturday brunch makes me think I've been sleeping on this spot for weekend fare.
   * Their guac is a good, but at $5+ for a small dish, it is totally not worth it.
   Amazing Mexican food.
    Came here for brunch on Sat (just a suggestion, come here early for brunch) and had bacon tacos with eggs and a side of beans.
    All delicious.
    My girlfriend had the waffles (yup, waffles at a Mexican restaurant!) and they were fantastic.
    To round things out I had the Cosecha Margarita and it was delicious, with orange zest and real worm salt around the rim.
    I know we're coming back for more.
   Cosecha has very good Mexican food.
    It's located in a food court-esque building, with a few other restaurants that all share common seating.
    My friend and I went in around 8:00 pm on a Saturday night, and the place was bumpin.
    We both ordered a quesadilla (I had the grilled peppers and chicken, and he had the mushroom and chicken).
    We also shared some chips and salsa, and the iced horchata latte.
    The prices are bit higher than some Mexican restaurants, but I think it's worth it.
    I was impressed with everything.
    I thought the horchata latte was great, and actually complemented the spiciness of the quesadilla really well.
    The quesadilla was incredibly well prepared, and the salsa served on the side gave the quesadilla a great flavor.
    I really liked the vibe at Cosecha, and the food was great.
    It's definitely one of my new favorite spots in Oakland (along with Zachary's, Drake's Dealership, and OBTOWN).
   Food = excellent.
    Price point = poor.
    Hence the 4 star average.
    I loved my food but as others have mentioned, I don't think it was worth $15/plate.
    Both my SO and I had the Grilled Chicken Anchiote.
    It is served in a cute clay plate over rice with guacamole and a couple tortillas.
    Perhaps make the guac optional and lower the price a few bucks? The quality was great and they supposedly use fresh, seasonal/ local ingredients which always jacks up price so I get it.
    to an extent.
    But it's also not a sit down restaurant.
    It is cafeteria style- in a large building with other restaurants, much like San Pedro Square Market in San Jose if you've ever been.
    Oakland is certainly stepping up it's food game and this was a great example.
    I would recommend this place but don't expect your fav hole in the wall taqueria prices.
   Chicken tacos are so good.
    I want to come back to eat these!Pork belly was ok.
    Verde mole was ok too, spiciness made up for the dull taste.
    Everything taste so fresh.
   Owner was super nice, bringing us our food.
   Everything we ate was delicious and fresh!! We went during the breakfast menu tired the waffles.
    They were stinking amazing Best waffles I ever ate!!!!! We also had the shrimp tacos also great!!! Wish they served dinner early in the morning I would like to have tired the pork tacos .
   Decent Mexican-themed bar at Swan's Market with a modest menu, whether brunch offerings like the huevos cuaouthemoc (two eggs over beans and salsa de arbol, topped with avocado and handmade flour tortillas) or evening fare like a fresh, crispy fish taco.
    They also offer a few nicely done drinks like their pomegranate margaritas.
   Overall, the offerings are reasonably delicious, good quality, and presented nicely, although prices are slightly on the elevated side.
    As this is a small stand inside Swan's Market, there aren't many people working here so service may seem a bit overwhelmed or impersonal at times.
    Nevertheless, if you are here at Swan's Market and want something more substantial than, say, sausages, this isn't a bad choice.
   The short: delicious tacosThis is a line-up and they'll bring your order type place.
    At lunch hour, this place is busy and the wait was around 15 minutes.
    While waiting, we watched some ladies hand-make the tortillas.
    Mmmm fresh tortillas! Watch out though.
    The tortilla chips are ultra fried and oily; I almost could feel my arteries clogging up.
    We ordered the daily special of two fish tacos (Wednesday and Thursday; Friday has shrimp tacos).
    I enjoyed them and wished there were more than two!This place (Swan's Marketplace) is an agglomeration of other dining eateries, which makes for a loud, crowded and semi-cramped atmosphere, though the afternoon light streaming through was a nice touch.
   I can't remember which paper or publication I first read about Cosecha (weird that it wasn't Yelp - heh), but I distinctly remember that I had to check this place out because it was Dominica Rice-Cisneros', of Chez Pannise fame, new place.
    On my visit, I tried out two dishes: Chilaquiles and Breakfast Tacos.
    Both dishes were quite tasty, but it is definitely quality over quantity here! Cosecha sources fresh, local ingredients, so expect to pay a bit more than your regular mobile/taco truck establishment.
    Located in the Housewives Market (Swan's), you will find Cosecha in what I describe as an upscale food court.
    You place your order at the register, get a number and you will get your meal in around ten minutes or so.
    This place was one that I actually went before opening due to its popularity and I had things to do.
   like holiday shopping!There is plenty of street parking!My buddy and I when we totally beat traffic on a Saturday morning:Uh, what time is it?   Ten o'clock.
    They open at 10:30.
                     |                            |                 O_                         O                 |                            / | \                / \                           /  \   _________________________________     Maybe I'll take a nap     What about getting booze instead?in the car.
                                 |                \                             |                 O                         O               / | \                        / | \                / \                         /  \   _________________________________     You are such an enabler!*    I know.
                     |                            /                 O                         O               / | \                        / | \                / \                         /  \   _________________________________* = She really is an enabler!.
   Cornbread.
    Seriously, try the cornbread.
    Simply the best.
   Cosecha is a Mexican eatery with a nouvelle California twist.
    It's located inside old Oakland's Swan's Market.
    Solid wooden benches-- amenable to communal style seating -- are set up in front of their ordering counter.
    I actually love shared dining like this; seems only fitting for a 'market' context.
   The open wall aspect of this market is attractive; chose to avoid the interior ceiling fans and be warmed by the direct sun.
    People sitting outside were accompanied by their pets.
    The ordering line took just a bit of time.
    I loved observing the hustle and bustle of the open prep station behind the glass.
     While waiting in line, I perused the paper menu pasted onto the glass counter.
     I was there towards the end of weekend brunch (they close at 3:00 p.
   m.
   ) I ordered the wild shrimp tacos and the horchata latte, following the tip from Bon Appetit's August 2015 issue which featured Oakland dining spots including Cosecha.
     Place your order at the counter and pay, then servers bring your food out.
     The horchata latte was sheer cinnamon-y goodness served in a tall glass-- light, sweet, and tinged with coffee tones.
     I thought it would be the perfect non-dairy counterpoint to spicy Mexican chillies.
     The two corn tortillas piled high with batter-fried shrimp were nicely presented.
    The shrimp sat on shredded cabbage, were topped with a chili-infused crema sauce and garnished with jalapeno and cilantro.
    The tacos weren't spicy and the cup of beans on the side were well-flavored.
    The shrimp were high quality and fresh with a firm bite (none of the mealy texture of aquaculture-produced shrimp.
   ) My only gripe might be the quantity size--too small.
     The prices will reveal that this is not another street-stall taco shop although it functions like one.
    I paid around $15 for the gourmet, delicately flavored shrimp.
     This place offers sufficiently unique taste that it's worth a special treat, but it wouldn't be my daily go-to, based on price alone.
     There are plenty of more ordinary tacquerias for everyday dining.
   I was originally attracted to this restaurant due to its iced horchata latte!  When I saw this on the menu I flipped with excitement and headed to Cosecha.
     I was expecting an conventional restaurant location, but I found myself at a food market.
     By no means was this a bad thing, it added to the ambiance of the restaurant.
     The food is on a other level, often you hear about a place and it gets so hyped up that you are extremely excited to try it and it let's you down when you finally get to try it.
    well this is not that kind of place.
     The flavors are stupefying!  Yes, I looked up a word to describe what I felt when I had the green pozole.
     I returned and tried the fish tacos special and on my next visit I had the chilaquiles.
     Needless to say, I am a big fan of this place and it's authentic and unique spins on classic dishes.
     Only draw back, it's on the expensive side :(.
   Bomb tacos.
    Favorites are the pork belly and chicken.
    Veggie is hit or miss - usually too watery.
     Tortillas are freshly made as you wait in line.
    Chips are greasy, crunchy, and delicious.
   This food court makes it easy to go out with coworkers when you're craving different cuisines; however, watch where you sit because vendors will get mad and yell at you to move if you sit in the wrong territory (tables are marked for specific restaurants in the shared space).
   Cosecha is so fresh.
    From the salads to the tortillas for the tacos.
    Everything is made fresh to order.
    Love it.
   I have to say the fish tacos were heavenly.
    I am just in Oakland for the night and looking for a cure for my jet lag.
    Fish tacos were the blue plate special.
    They came perfectly done - tempura style, crispy with a little bite.
    Beans with a half an avocado came in the side.
    I will definitely come back!!.
   While having a group dinner inside the Swan Market, friends and I tried a few dishes from each of the establishments inside.
     I thought the service at Cosecha was great and I liked the menu choices.
     Only major gripe was the value.
     For what we paid, I thought was a bit steep for what we actually got.
     We even ordered the happy hour special which happened to be 2 fish tacos and a pint of beer ($12).
     Unfortunately, the battered fish tacos were so small and didn't satisfy.
     The tacos looked delicious, but were slightly bland.
     They have 3 beers on tap which you can choose from including Modelo, an IPA and a chocolate stout.
     Our group ended up getting 4 orders of the tacos/beer ($50+).
     If you have a big appetite like me, you may end up spending more money than you anticipate at Cosecha to fill up your belly.
     May come back, but wouldn't get the tacos next time.
   This is the perfect place for a casual lunch or dinner date.
    I've been here several times with my friends and always enjoyed my experience.
    Cosecha makes anincredible selection of traditional moles utilizing authentic ingredients and old school recipes.
    I recommend the green mole and their fish tacos to any first-time visitors or regulars that are looking for something different to try.
    Also, if you're fan of Horchata definitely try their horchata espresso! It's my favorite!.
   WONDERFUL!!! Best fish tacos that I have had in ages! The chips and salsa were amazing as well.
   Good food.
    Slight bit pricy but it is the Bay Area and it's downtown and it's quality food so it's worth it.
    The pork belly tacos were good the meat was light but crispy and the salsa on those were to dye for.
    The carne plate was delicious to real good food but dinner doesn't start until 530 so don't come earlier for that or it won't be there.
    I got 3 plates two drinks 50 bucks easily.
   I've been going here for a couple years now and because of my resolution to Yelp consistently I am making up for my lack of a review for Cosecha.
   They have brought a nice high end twist to Mexican food and one of the first places to bring some style with substance to the Old Oakland area.
     Since their arrival they've spurned many great eateries to open up around them.
     Through all the change they've still stood strong with their versions of many classics.
    Think high end taco truck without the truck.
    The various tacos and quesadillas are the stars for me here specifically shrimp (when available) and the Mushroom quesadilla.
    They also do a mean horchatta latte if you are a horchatta fan.
    My only gripes are that shrimp is just a special on a specific day and that prices are a little high to be a weekly regular.
   Very limited menu.
    One friend got the soft tacos with braised pork &amp; a side of beans.
    Delicious, beyond fork tender.
    Fresh, hand-made tortillas.
    This was a keeper and the highlight of our meal.
    Another friend got the chilaquiles with salsa verde.
    Same fresh tortillas as the tacos except that they were cut into chips and fried.
    Scrambled eggs were soft and fluffy.
    The avocado was perfectly ripe and the crema made the whole dish a luscious bite from beginning to end.
    A good dish but after the wow factor of the braised pork, it was anticlimactic.
    I went against the grain and got breakfast.
    The waffle was yummy but different.
    They pulled it from the iron before it formed a crispy crust.
    It was light and fluffy.
    The interior was fully cooked but it was still moist and tender.
    I added the cajeta sauce which is a Mexican-style caramel.
    So good, I was literally scraping the tiny container for every last drop.
    We also got the chips, guac and salsa.
    My advice, skip the chips that were hard and stale and substitute with the fresh tortillas instead.
    For drinks, we sipped on strawberry limeade.
    So yummy, I was chasing the last drop around the ice.
    Located in the old Swan's Market, I liked the vibe of the place.
    It reminded me of a tiny and more homey SF Ferry Building.
    Very similar to San Jose's San Pedro Square Market.
    If Cosecha isn't your style, there were about 4 other stalls including one featuring Japanese food and another serving hot dogs and beer.
    There was also a wine merchant.
    I wish I had a cooler.
    There was a butcher and a fishmonger offering raw product for purchase.
    About 3 blocks from the 12th St.
    Bart station, it easy to get to.
    I will be back.
   I had the most expensive shrimp taco here.
    And it was basically one shrimp and one taco! Over 5bucks after tax.
    I was still hungry afterwards.
   one of my favorites!i've had breakfast, lunch and dinner here and all of my experiences were great.
    the waffle at breakfast, the delicious pico and guacamole, the horchata latte.
   all so delicious!.
   Did someone say vegan quesadillas and strawberry margaritas? If so, I'm all in!I love how Cosecha uses sweet potato in their vegan quesadillas rather than using some fake rubbery cheese substitute.
    They also do not skimp on the guacamole.
    You get some inside the quesadilla itself and some on the side along with a deliciously spicy salsa verde.
    You can also choose from mushrooms, green chile, etc to go inside your quesadilla.
   The kicker to this meal though, was the asparagus and braised chickpeas.
    It might have been a special, but if you see it on the menu, do not hesitate and order it! The chubbiest asparagus I had ever seen, topped with perfect chickpeas in a really rich saucy broth.
    I'll be dreaming about this asparagus for eternity.
   My strawberry margarita was also memorable.
    It wasn't overly sweet and actually tasted like limes and real strawberries rather than the artificial syrupy stuff.
   All in all, I really enjoyed my meal here at Cosecha from start to finish.
    I can't wait to try other menu items!.
   In the search of good Mexican food we wanted to love this place, and were really disappointed! We saw this place on KQED and decided to give it a try.
    We were there on a Wednesday around 5, restaurant was pretty empty, no excuse for what we experienced.
   Here are my complaints:1.
    PRICES: They are way out of line for counter service &amp; communal seating: $13 for two tiny fish tacos, $15 for Pork Adobado plate, $3 for chips salsa and guacamole.
    There are far better taco places (such as Tracy DeJardin's place in the SF Ferry Building) which are MUCH less expensive, better quality2.
    QUALITY: The food was not prepared well.
    Rice was gummy and EVERYTHING was super greasy.
    The chips and fish tacos were literally swimming in oil.
    No one drained a damn thing.
    Fish tacos were very smelly too.
    Probably should not have eaten them.
    Pork plate was missing avocado and had a few pieces of gross, shriveled zucchini on the side.
    Very unappetizing.
   3.
    PORTIONS: Chip order was sad.
    With only a few cold greasy chips.
    Skimpy on the salsa as well.
    Fish tacos were absolutely tiny and each plated on one small tortilla.
    WAY too expensive for portion size.
    Pork plate had two tiny tortillas.
   4.
    SERVICE: Worker at the counter was barely civil.
    I asked for extra tortillas with our pork plate, forgot them.
    Ticket was cooked wrong- one order came out far in advance of the other.
    The counter worker slammed down the pork plate about a mile away (we were sitting on a big communal table) from us.
    Very abrupt and rude.
   ***I suspect the owner was absent and it showed.
    Place is run poorly! Not a good experience, we will not go back.
   ***.
   We tried their duck special on the weekend and the food was awesome.
    The dishes are well prepared and the portion sizes were decent.
    They are trying to add a high end twist to their food.
    Their corn tortillas are very good, I think it is freshly made on site very day.
    It is a food court style dining in Old Oakland.
    The dining was casual and we could get beer and other food from the other eateries in the food court.
   I noticed many of the other customers getting their wild shrimp taco specials.
    We will try that when we go their next time.
    We did not know this place until we saw them on KQED - Check Please Bay Area.
   The owner greets you right away and everything is fresh.
    I had a mushroom and cheese quesadilla.
    It tasted so fresh!! The next day I had the shrimp tacos.
    The best I have ever had.
    Can't wait to return.
   It's sad that it's come to this.
    I used to love this place but it seems that in all the trendy-ness and influx of consumers in Oakland, people have just forgotten about customer service.
    In the past I have enjoyed certain dishes from Cosecha.
    (You have to know what to order here, as their meats can be dry, making certain dishes way overpriced) And usually the service is pretty good, not great.
    My last visit, however, was very disappointing.
    The line (which can get long here) wasn't, thankfully and I tried to place my order but before I could do so the owner (the female) called the guy at the register away.
    He was nice about it at first and said he would be right back.
    The owner was giving him instructions which was fine but as he kept trying to come back to me to take my order, she kept pulling him away (keep in mind that she was facing me and fully aware that there was a customer waiting the entire time) until he finally came back to me and said "we are too busy, I have to go help in the back and I can't take your order".
    Are you serious right now? How unprofessional and rude to keep a customer waiting and then ultimately TURN THEM AWAY?!? Get your act together.
   What first called my attention to this restaurant was this Facebook post: facebook.
   com/permalink.
   p…They were obviously more than just a restaurant; they realized the impact of our everyday interactions and are helping taking responsibility as a community towards real change.
    So last week when BART went down halfway through my commute home, my husband had to come pick me up from Oakland.
    We decided to have dinner in the area and came here.
    I'm so glad we did! My husband and I split an order of shrimp tacos and carne adobada.
    It was delicious and the meat was very tender.
    I'm also not big on beans but OMG I ate em' up here! Also, homemade tortillas are never a bad idea.
    My 6 year olds had a chicken quesadilla with rice &amp; beans and drank horchata.
    They loved it! Very good food and excellent service.
    I also love the idea that this place is a bit pricey (hear me out!) It's always bothered me so much that people just assume Mexican food has to cheap.
    Yes, taco trucks are great and nobody gets mad at a cheap meal but Mexican food can be just as fancy-pants as the rest of ya.
   Today was my first time trying Cosecha.
    I had the special which was 2 crispy fish tacos and beans with avocado for $11.
    Service was awesome! It is a bit pricey, so I don't think I will be eating here very often, but it was good food and Steve Kerr and his crew showed up and everyone was clapping.
    So for that reason, I will give this place another star.
    LOL.
   Fish taco special is a rip off.
     Can get better fry and quality at Rubios.
    The fry was decent but the fish was whatever.
     The torta made bread soggy, the meat was weak.
     Overpriced.
    Customer service is rude.
   Definitely a great Mexican food restaurant.
    Their menu changes, which keeps things interesting.
    I actually did take out one night and got the mushroom quesadilla and grilled chicken quesadilla.
    They were both very flavorful and delicious.
    Portion size is reasonable for the price.
    I especially liked that they used corn tortilla for the quesadillas.
    I also ordered their chips, which I thought were well salted (which I like) but drenched in grease.
    They were too greasy for me, but I still managed to finish most of them! Also the service was great.
    The person was friendly and helpful on the phone, even though I couldn't decide what to order.
    I picked up my order with no problems! Great experience, will come back to try all of their tacos next!.
   I'm basing this review on food quality as well as service.
     It was a miscommunication on their part which delayed our order.
    My co-worker and I ordered shrimp tacos and honestly they tasted like shrimp donuts.
    We didn't enjoy the batter and there was not enough sauce on the tacos.
    The overall dish it was lacking flavor.
    Next time I'm going to Belly's for shrimp tacos.
    Problem solved.
   WOW.
    The food here is incredible!  The selection is very limited (4-5 items on the menu), but we tried the tacos and quesadilla, and they were both amazing!!!  The meats were moist, tender and flavorful.
     The sauces were perfect.
     The tortillas were warm and delicious.
   This is food court style dining, with an option to purchase beer from one of the other eateries.
     Super casual, you order at the counter and they bring it to you.
    Very delicous.
    I can't wait to come back again!.
   I'm going to eat here again because I only had the totopos but they were great.
    I wanted to try more stuff, but we were doing a day drinking order a bunch of stuff thing so this seemed the most appropriate.
   One of my favorite places to eat in Oakland.
    They have delicious food that tastes homemade.
    I love their yam/mushroom quesadillas and their seasonal fruit salad with cucumber, pumpkin seeds, jicama, and citrus vin.
   I was here for a business lunch.
    The menu is a little pricey but the food was good.
    To be honest, chips and salsa with guac being close to $6 was a little  excessive.
    The fish tacos, however were worth the cost.
    They tasted great, the fish was fresh, and the plating was pleasing.
    Surprisingly, I was full after the fish tacos even though the portion looked small.
   This was my destination food stand for a while (before the influx of B-Dama, etc.
   ) at Swan's Market.
    Focus on organic (when possible) ingredients and limited but well executed menu.
    We've brought friends here (HS &amp; MD) who really enjoyed it.
    J typically gets the tacos, guac + chips.
    Initially, I enjoyed their vegan tacos (been eating here since 2011), but alas, since then, I have noticed more and more salt.
    For the average person who is not sensitive to salt, I would recommend Cosecha.
   Went for the New Year's Brunch today!Great food, but their concept of pay, get a number and the food is delivered is not working.
     One of us got their food and the other had to wait a long time for their food.
   We originally chose this restaurant because they were one of the few in downtown Oakland that had outdoor seating for dinner and we had our dog with us.
   Necessity soon turned into luck Sharee as we hungrily dove into fresh vegetables and equally fresh meats.
    My favorite meal was the blood orange salad with grilled chicken.
    It was the perfect mix of flavors with toasted pumpkin seeds butter lettuce and a fresh citrus vinaigrette.
    Portions are not too large (as I prefer), and prices represent the gentrification occurring in the bay area but still reasonable for the quality of food provided.
   Great spot for post happy hour drunken eats.
     I ordered the fish tacos, which are excellent, although steep at 13 pesos.
     You basically only get two small fish tacos as well as some rice and beans.
     The service was also pretty slow, it seems they only had one guy running back and forth taking orders at the register and waitering food out to diners.
   The food is always good, but the prices or service are never consistent.
    I paid about 5$ for a meal one day and the next was charged 8$.
    Sometimes they are polite and other days incredibly rude.
   I fell for the ratings.
    I had the fish tacos and if it weren't for the pickled onions and dressing, they would have been plain and boring.
    I was not too pleased.
    Previous commenter called it a"yuppie" Mexican place, I agree.
    Beans and rice were good, service was not so good.
    Be prepared to hunt for napkins, sugar for tea, and a fork in different places.
    Chips were real greasy and stuck together, but salsa was tasty.
    I should have tried the other places around here.
    I was really craving authentic Mexican.
    Not the place.
    I must have just ordered the wrong thing.
    So disappointed :-(.
   I've been here twice now and was very impressed both times.
    Friendly employees, the homemade chips and guacamole are great, as is everything else.
    The overall atmosphere is very friendly as well.
   This shared restaurant space is creative and interesting--kind of like a very upscale food court.
    Food itself is super delicious.
    I don't usually associate Mexican cuisine with haute cuisine--I'm a cheap taco loving girl, after all, but if you're going to do Mexican with fancy ingredients, these guys do it exceptionally well.
    All dishes were delicious and freshly cook.
    Sangria was good, too.
   Massively overpriced and small portions.
    I had two small fish tacos, rice and chips for $20.
    This would cost $10 anywhere else.
    Disappointing ripoff.
   The torta is good.
    I have been here several times but today was different.
   I experienced the worst, absolute, worst service I have ever experienced in my life.
    The lady at the register and the owner were ridiculously rude.
    I was surprised at first because the owner is usually smiling, and for the most part, you don't run into issues at the register (register lady is rarely friendly).
    She said I placed the incorrect order over the phone and I'm responsible for paying it (4x the cost of what I ordered).
    This went back and forth for a minute until she finally charged me for the correct order.
    As I was signing the receipt, she told me to never place these small orders over the phone and that they are doing me a favor for this one mistake I made.
    I responded with, "this is bullshit.
   " Both the cashier and owner, became increasingly rude, and at this point, had an aggressive and hostile tone and told me this is my fault.
    I'm a native English speaker with a law degree.
    The cashier has a thick Mexican accent.
    I also had the phone on speaker, with one other person sitting with me (she ordered B-Dama's pork cutlet), when I placed the phone order.
    This order was just for me.
    I'm damn sure I didn't make a mistake.
     She told me to get out, to get out of a DAMN food court.
    I think this is a part of a bigger problem, a growing service culture of attitude and arrogance in Oakland and you're starting to see it in SF.
    I'm not sure what is causing the growth of a terrible service culture.
    It is a culture that lacks accountability, responsibility, and respect.
    As a restaurant, you live and die by your patrons.
    Each patron is an asset, extremely valuable, and deserving of respect.
    Sure, every restaurant runs into their troll or exceptionally rude customer, but even in this situation, it makes more business sense to take the high road and appease the customer.
    Who knows? maybe this growing attitude in the service culture is a response to Yelp, online trolls, and people constantly sh!&amp;&amp;ing on restaurants.
    Whatever it is, you should never act the way this owner and cashier acted toward me-- irresponsible, immature, condescending, defensive, and hostile.
   While I will never say their tortas are bad because that would be lying, I actually think they are pretty damn good, I will never spend a dollar at a place that lacks the proper decorum.
   Delicious food.
     Just had a quesadilla and pozole.
     So good!  Will definitely be back.
   Got the huevos cuauhtemoc, breakfast tacos, iced horchata latte, and a mimosa.
    The homemade tortillas make this place.
    HOWEVER, the price and limited seating puts a damper on the experience.
    A great place to try, but doubt becoming a regular.
   We dined on the Saturday specials.
     Chilaquiles, one with a smokey salsa Rojo and one with Verde both were well prepared and tasty as were the Wild shrimp tacos.
     Everything was very fresh and made to order.
     They have a good selection of beer &amp; wine.
    It is located in the historic Swan Market building &amp; shares an open dining area with another restaurant &amp; a bar.
     You order, find a table and they deliver to your table.
    It was a lovely fall day and they open the doors and had tables on the sidewalk in addition to the dining hall.
    It is kid friendly.
   Yesterday was the second time that I ate at Cosecha, and we came specifically for the Chicken Mole Verde blue plate special that is available on Mondays.
   The first time I had tried Cosecha was on a Friday night when they were featuring Wild Shrimp Tacos.
    They were incredible.
   To me, it is hard to find a fabulous Mexican food/restaurant.
    A Mexican restaurant that doesn't put a fusion twist on it, a Mexican restaurant that doesn't charge an arm and a leg for ordinary.
    You can find ordinary almost anywhere in the Bay Area.
    It's usually always the same.
    My best friend growing up was first generation Mexican.
    The family would get together and cook big regional meals from old family recipes.
    Out of the ordinary, but not necessarily worthy of the hype everyone tends to give for something "out of the ordinary", but it allowed for me to be exposed to really GOOD, "non-traditional" Mexican food at a young age.
   I LOVE Cosecha.
    I love that they don't have a huge 3 page menu.
    I love that their food is incredibly fresh.
    I love how clean their kitchen appears to be.
    and I love that you can see part of their cooking process.
    Good wait staff too!The food here is like eating someone's secret recipes.
     The food has a "slight" twist to the ordinary, and almost akin to eating in someone's family home.
   The Chicken Mole Verde was fantastic (not your typical mole sauce made with chocolate).
    Consecha's sauce had a little bit of bite/heat to it, but it was spicy without burning your mouth, and without lasting effect.
    So pleasant to eat! To top it off, the chicken was nicely shredded and topped off with roasted pumpkin seeds, and a few slices of avocado.
    The beans.
   not your refried variety, were cooked to the right consistency, not overcooked and falling apart and nicely flavored, as was the rice which also was not your typical Mexican rice.
    It was white rice, though it did not taste like plain white rice.
    I'm sure that also had a secret ingredient.
    Served with warm corn tortillas.
   Did I mention that Cosecha has absolutely the best Horchata that I have ever had? It's not thick, it's not watery, it has a hint of cinnamon.
    I would like a glass of it every single day! Very refreshing during warm weather too.
   The food presentation is lovely and equal to any upscale restaurant.
    Each blue plate special had a nice cloth under each plate.
    The plates themselves were very nice earthenware.
    I just can't say enough about the entire experience.
   As others have said, Cosecha is in the old Swann's marketplace and is more like an open air food court.
     You place your order at the counter, and they bring it to your table.
    If you are hooked on burritos at Chipotle, I would not suggest you go here.
     If you are looking for really good, out of the ordinary, quality Mexican food with that "slight" twist, this is the place for you.
    Not cheap, but not expensive for what you get.
    P.
   S.
     The food portions are perfect, but not "super sized".
     If you are a big eater, you may want to get an appetizer.
   Can't wait to go back!.
   Cosecha is pretty good and I have only been here twice.
    Most recently for brunch.
    I got the Chilaquiles and we split the waffle.
    The waffle was like butta! The Chilaquiles were really good, but couldn't eat the whole thing.
    It's on the pricer side, but good nonetheless.
   Food was delicious!!! Ordered the quesadilla with peppers and braised pork.
    The tortilla was delicious.
    It tasted freshly made.
    The pork was tender.
    It looked small when they brought it out but it was quite filling!! Pomegranate margarita was pretty good, a bit strong.
    The horchata latte looked good will def try that next time.
   Fantastic place! Cosheca is honestly the reason I even started writing yelp reviews.
    I had the pleasure of trying their fish tacos, which were so fresh and had incredible flavor.
    The pinto beans really sealed the deal for me as they had just the perfect amount of seasoning and texture and really complimented the dish.
    Also tried their horchatta latte, which was simply genius.
    Service was very efficient and friendly and my food arrived promptly after ordering.
    I cannot recommend Cosecha enough! Already craving their fish tacos as I write this review.
   Ok those shrimp tacos on Friday are LEGIT.
    We went other times and food was good but didn't knock my socks off.
    We WILL be back for these tacos ASAP!.
   Came on a Saturday for take out brunch.
     Had the wild shrimp tacos, strawberry lime drink.
     Amazing!  Even more so was the fact that I got a free chocolate chip cookie.
    All was delicious.
   contemplating going back for more!  Definitely my new go to for brunch in Old Oakland!.
   I've been on the hunt for really good Mexican food since moving to the bay area - living in San Diego (aka, California's Best Border Town) spoiled me rotten.
    There I was treated to the best guacamole and fish tacos north of Mexico.
    When I heard about Cosecha, I was over the moon.
    but while my high expectations probably weren't very helpful, this was definitely not a 5-star experience.
    The restaurant is buried in a warehouse maze - an interesting space, just a liiiiittle hard to navigate.
    We had a table reserved, thanks to a friend who plans ahead - but there was no one available to ask about said table.
    There was 1 server running around like a madwoman, and 1 guy at the cash register taking/filling orders, but no one else.
    People were wandering around uncertain as to whether they should seat themselves or wait to be seated.
    we finally went to the wine store next door (which has no door/sign/anything marking it as a separate entity) hoping to get our questions answers.
    The place just seemed completely disorganized.
   So here's how it works! It's family-style self-seating at long picnic tables, unless you make a reservation, and then you can get a private table in the back.
    If you wait for a server to seat you or come to your table, you'll wait forever - order at the front counter, by the register.
    The menu &amp; specials are listed on a chalkboard on the wall, but beware: we'd come for the night's special, wild shrimp tacos, but they were sold out by 6pm.
    We were baffled - it was early and the place wasn't even crowded.
    Not cool to sell out of your Dinner Special at the beginning of dinnertime.
    They also need more staff on the floor - for 40 minutes we had water but no glasses.
    Which went well with our chicken/pork tortillas that were missing tortillas.
   The food was good - the kind of good you're psyched to eat, but not the kind of good you'd return for.
    We tried the grilled chicken achiote - chicken marinated in achiote with rice, beans &amp; handmade tortillas, and the carne adovada - braised pork with chile guajillo, beans, rice &amp; tortillas.
    Really good guacamole!! The tortillas were handmade and delicious; the rest of the dish was fresh but unremarkable.
    The people who work here are incredibly nice - but they're also really overwhelmed.
    Maybe now that Cosecha is so popular, they'll make it more user friendly.
   ?.
   Mmmmm!!! Pork belly taco.
    Never had anything like that before.
    You probably think I'm crazy but it had a savory cotton candy like taste.
    Awesome haha.
    The horchata was a little gritty.
    The chicken taco also had amazing flavor and was very tender.
   Food court dinning with excellent Mexican food at a moderate price.
     All of the salads are quite nice as well as the Carnitas and tacos.
     It is great on Fridays when the Farmer's market is open.
   Staying in downtown Oakland, we checked out Yelp for a good place for dinner.
    Interestingly, on Saturday night, not to many restaurants seem to be open in downtown.
    We found this place interesting per the description, plus it wasn't far from our hotel.
   It's an interesting concept for a restaurant.
    Only a limited menu but the restaurant is more like an upscale cafe stall.
    It's in conjuction with several other similar eateries each having different types of food, like pizza, oysters, all with a common eating  area between them.
     We had the quesadillas and also ordered a margherita  pizza from the pizza stall.
    Very tasty food!! I would have given 4/5 stars, but the portions were really small for the prices paid.
   We're all surely spoiled with the great eats at Swan's Marketplace - my usual entry point is through Rosamunde and I've never quite made it far enough to get to Cosecha - fortunately I went on a Monday when things are just a bit more mellow and conducive to browsing.
    I tried the pork torta with what appeared to be twice fried tortilla chips (no complaints there) and fresh guac - the food was exactly what I was hoping for and the portions were fair.
     Now, spending $17 on a torta, chips &amp; a sparking water is definitely excessive and arguably insane but Cosecha isn't the odd ball when it comes to the modern urban lunch pricing that is nearing $20/person so it's hard to hold that against them.
   The menu is simple and from the looks of the other patrons plates all of the various dishes are a hit - definitely worth a shot.
   especially if you're in the mood for Cholita Linda style food on a Monday (they're closed).
   Simple, and súper delicioso! Had the Blue Plate fish tacos and both my parents - who are hard to please- loved them! Also, the small black bean soup is savory and light.
    We topped it off with the cucumber-lime drink which was perfect.
    Tan delicioso que ni siquiera podimos tomar foto de la comida comimos tan rápido!.
   I can't possibly express how much I love Cosecha, or Swans Market Place as a matter of fact.
    The market never disappoints, and I never had anything I didn't love at Cosecha.
    We started with salsa and guacamole.
    We could tell the salsa was fresh and made with heirloom tomatoes from the color of it.
    The flavor of the salsa was vibrant and the guacamole was fresh and perfectly seasoned.
    Then we had the fish taco and pork belly taco.
    The fish was fresh, with nice and crispy flaky batter.
     Pork belly was juicy on the inside and nicely charred on the outside.
    And oh my god, the chocolate chip cookie! So good!.
   The food may be ok but the organization and service are terrible.
    The help is incompetent and indifferent.
    Our most recent experience had them losing our order after we paid, and they didn't even have a record of it, and they hadn't given us a receipt.
    After over 40 minutes of waiting for our order, and being repeatedly told, It's coming right up.
    They conceded they hadn't placed our order and didn't even know what we ordered.
    We asked that they just give us what was available but that wasn't acceptable, so we would have to wait another 40 minutes to try again.
    So about then we demanded our money back and left.
    Previously we had asked a server to clean our table because it was cluttered and dirty from the previous diners.
    One young man took part of their junk, didn't wipe the table and never came back.
    We asked two more times before someone was willing to give us a clean table.
   Blue plate fish tacos are a rip off.
     Quality was fine, but you pay close to $13 for two tiny tacos that are smaller than an appetizer anywhere else.
     Chips and salsa are not even included.
    I won't be coming here again.
   I think they've done away with the $10 minimum on credit/debit cards? I came back here the other day with a major craving for their veggie torta, and they accepted my debit card.
    Yay!.
   Oakland is definitely up and coming and this market is apart of the gentrification process.
     This place has a wine bar and they are installing some other restaurants to make it into a modern food court cooperative.
     The lamb and beans were good, pork tacos were EXCELLENT (YOU MUST TRY) and the crab ceviche was ok.
     The blood orange, pine nuts, and chicken salad was delicious.
     I had the special hibiscus tequila cocktail and it was pretty good.
     I appreciate everything is made from scratch!The service is quick and efficient.
     Erico was really nice, not to mention extremely cute and charming.
     This place closes at 9:30 p.
   m.
    Friday night so make sure you come early enough time to talk, eat and drink!  Parking was easy on 9th street.
   Honest, solid, yummy Mexican food.
    High quality meats really pack the punch in flavor.
    Generally not a huge pork belly fan, but the pork belly tacos were amazing.
    The braised beef tacos I loved even more.
    Quesadillas were outstanding! Thick, scrumptious cheeses and vegetables sandwiched between homemade, rich, flavorful tortillas.
    House made chips and guacamole really sealed the deal for me.
    Do yourself a favor and have a Mexican mocha.
    or two! Sooo good! Not a fan of sweet coffee? The horchata iced latte is delightful.
    A must have to complete the Cosecha experience!.
   I've been back to this place 2 weekends in a row now b/c right around Friday night at 7:30, I start dreaming about those cornmeal waffles that they only make on the weekends.
     $12 for a waffle isn't cheap (includes fruit + cream), but why budget your cravings?I've also had the Pozoles which is nice and spicy and good on a chilly cloudy day.
    Have also enjoyed the shrimp tacos, the mushroom quesadillas and the pork tacos - all are decent (but not exceptionally better than what I might find at my local taco trucks), but the waffles - that's what I come here for.
   Unfortunately, for my first try at Cosescha the chef must have been out for the day.
    I ordered the special of the day, to-go after a long day.
    I got home and excitedly opened my dinner only to be greeted by a sad, sad little flake of fish with only a wilted piece of lettuce and a few slices of peppers.
    It actually prompted me to take my first yelp picture it was so pathetic.
    To add insult to injury, I now have to go back out to grab a real dinner.
    I should have checked the box so I could have rectified on the spot, but the reviews gave me the sense that I was in good hands.
   The last time we ate here they weren't officially open for dinners and we got in by sending an email and getting into one of their community dinners.
    We had a great meal and sat at a community table next to this really nice couple who were just starting their catering business while still working full time at their day jobs.
     Fast forward to now.
   their business has taken off (S+S Gastro Grub).
   and we finally get a chance to use them for an upcoming company holiday party!  I tell this part because you can never underestimate the power of the community table in a town like Oakland.
   and Cosecha gave us a warm and fuzzy feeling from the very beginning.
   Stopped in with daughter for a wonderful lunch today.
     One bite of the yam quesadilla and I couldn't stop talking about it.
     Just tasted so "real.
   " The tortilla was flavorful and the whole thing didn't need the sauces that came with it on the side.
    Daughter had the queso fundido and the pozole and liked them both.
    We also had the horchata which was very good.
   I timed it badly that I came on a Monday, because there are no seafood taco offerings on Mondays.
    It would be nice to always have fish tacos on the menu.
   but maybe that's fine, as then I wouldn't have tried the yam quesadilla!  Lovely atmosphere and super friendly service.
    We'll be back sooner this time!.
   Jackpot.
     Blue Plate Special - fish tacos, with beans and avocado garnish.
    Twelve bucks.
     Superb.
    Crisp, flaky fry outside and soft, luscious fish inside.
    The beans were so savory.
    This happening joint is in a big warehouse filled with other places doibg the same deal.
    Large tables are available allowing people to meet and mingle.
    Water is on all the tables.
      So groovy!.
   I wanted a meal, not an overpriced "quick snack.
   " Two little shrimp tacos for fifteen bucks? No gracias.
    It wasn't quick either.
    Left annoyed and hungry--won't be back.
   I came on a Thursday hoping to get my fish taco fix but was sadly disappointed.
    How are two very small tacos with a side of plain ol' rice and black beans supposed to fill you up for $13? Topping the fish tacos were large pieces of jalapeño which overpowered what little fish I ate.
    In addition we got an order of tortilla chips and salsa.
    The chips were extremely oily and the salsa came in a small container which we had to ask for a second filling because we were hungry still.
    I do like the market but don't think I'll be ordering from here again.
   Fancy, super hip, beautifully presented "Meso- American" twist on Mexican food.
    Familiar and surprising at the same time.
    Sangria was excellent!!! Pico de gallo was exceptional.
    Located in middle of downtown with lots of access to drinks or dancing afterwards.
    Portions are medium/small and prices are moderate/high- don't arrive starving.
    Would definitely stop by again for a pre-drinks fancy snack.
   Its pricey, but this place has the best food i have ever had.
    Especially the pork in the pork belly tacos.
    Soo perfect.
   I've been here a few times and am every time so impressed.
    The ingredients are absolutely as fresh, seasonal, and creative as they claim, and the execution of flavors is clearly well-conceived.
    This place would be easy to miss, so if you're in the area and love delicious, thoughtful, and bold Mexican food, don't miss Cosecha!.
   Best zucchini tacos I ever ate!  Guacamole was amazing, too.
   1.
    I want to marry the chef2.
    Best chocolate chip cookie outside of the ones my mom made when I was growing up.
    3.
    Get the corn - it will make you want to (see #1).
   Amazing atmosphere.
    In a busy area of Oakland you can find this precious food court that has a home feeling.
    And Cosecha seriously serves you real Mexican food topped with elegant balance of flavors, also thanks to Dominica ( Chez Panisse for years ).
   I was walking to my car after lunch and looked to see what Cosecha's daily special was and saw Mole Verde con Pollo.
    There's always room for another taco right? $3.
   97 including tax.
   They've reduced the diameter of their handmade taco tortillas with the same amount of meats &amp; sauce making a much better balance between fillings &amp; tortillas.
    The taco comes topped with fresh white onions and pepitas (and usually cilantro yelp.
   com/biz_photos/bGc4…).
   Tender and moist (poached?) chicken.
    The mole is lightly rich and mildly spicy.
    They've had different moles for the Monday Chicken Mole special so call ahead, if you're looking for a specific type (Negro, Poblano, Verde, etc.
   ).
   Seriously? Don't knowI don't know what the big deal is.
    Fish tacos were ok.
    Nicely deep fried fish sitting on a piece of lettuce, sitting on corn tortilla with some aioli dripped on it.
    Unremarkable.
    Chicken tacos less remarkable.
    They did not have the quesadillas available (half the menu).
       Horchata the sweetest I've ever tasted which, for me, not a plus.
    We ordered chips and salsa and got 10 stale chips and 1 tablespoon of salsa.
    Go to the Tacos El Gordo taco truck on International in Oakland for much better food at 1/4 the price!.
   Had the fish tacos.
    They were decent but not worth the price.
    Portions are small, service was disinterested at best.
    Cool spot though, lots of potential.
   Holy frijol, Cosecha is delicious!I usually find fancier Mexican food to be suspect, but hey, I don't see any taco trucks in Downtown Oakland, and Cosecha has rave reviews.
    This hesitation was before I knew that they have butternut squash quesadillas.
    Had I known I would have made like a jumping bean and come pronto.
    This butternut squash quesadilla is amazing-and you have the option of adding meat or keeping it vegetarian.
    The carnivore prevailed and their delicious grilled chicken was added.
    That Oaxacan cheese is a lipid lovers dream-so good.
     Their tacos I had on my second visit didn't dazzle me, but not much would after trying my drug of choice, the bnsquash quesadilla.
    I could definitely taste that the housemade tortilla and meats were quality, though.
    Love the open air space, friendly service (the owner gave me a free oatmeal cookie hotouttadaoven), and boon to one of Oakland's most picturesque blocks.
    I'll definitely be back to reap what Cosecha is sowing.
   No stars the food was horrible.
     The quesadillas were disgusting &amp; bland.
     I tired to change my order they refused to give me another plate &amp; give me my money back.
      She said that the shrimp was to expensive.
     Never again will I come back here.
     Rude rude rude.
   Sometimes, I just have to scratch my head and wonder about people's taste.
     Yes, it's subjective.
     But I can't for the life of me figure out why this restaurant gets such rave reviews.
    Is there such a dearth of good Bay Area restaurants?  After seeing this on Check Please, Bay Area and realizing that this place was just around the block from my work, I was excited to try it.
     I ordered the Blue Plate Special of crispy shrimp tacos and a cup of the pozole.
     The tacos came with a side of pinto beans with small slices of avocado on top.
     The fried shrimp inside the taco was extremely greasy, and the oil tasted stale.
     There was absolutley no flavor in the shrimp taco unless you put the chipotle cream sauce on it.
     The tortillas were homemade, fresh and declicious.
     The pinto beans were bland and needed seasoning.
     The pozole was good (served with fresh tortillas), but had way too much cabbage in it (it was basically cabbage with a little broth) and a few hominy kernels.
     The taste of the broth was great, albeit a little too spicy for me (and I like hot).
   Oh, I also had a chocolate chip cookie - which was tasty, but clearly just a Nestle Toll House cookie recipeOverall, I would not go back again.
     I would rather have good, authentic street tacos from a taco truck then to have poorly done Mexican fusion.
   Great for lunchCasual, airy spaceOrder at the counter and food arrives promptly at your tableChicken tacos are good.
     Waitress thought we ordered the pork belly and she got super excited until we told her it was the chicken.
     So next time we'll have to try the pork belly and see what all the excitement was about.
   Chips, salsa &amp; guacamole are also yummy as a filler.
   Lunch special - two tacos &amp; agua fresca = $9Not a bad deal.
   My bf and I thoroughly enjoyed our food at Cosecha.
    We got the fresh tortilla chips with salsa and guacamole as well as the pozole.
    The ingredients were very fresh and flavorful and we were happy with our selection.
    The mimosas seemed to use fresh squeezed orange juice.
     Five stars for the food.
    Service-wise, there is room for improvement.
    My bf and I both ordered pozole and his came out very nice, and mine looked very sloppy and missing the toppings that he got.
    I value toppings more than he does, so I was very disappointed.
     The waitress reluctantly offered to get me more toppings, but never returned.
    My over-easy eggs also came out sunny side up and I had to request it to be corrected, luckily it came out fine.
   Tacos here will cost you an arm and a leg but you are definitely paying for good quality products.
    The pork belly tacos washed down with a horchata is highly recommended.
   Very good, very straightforward but surprisingly sophisticated Mexican food.
    Think more a casual, "Frontera Grill" than a "Chevy's".
    You will not find everything slathered in cheese to the point of being a formless blob, bathed in a sea of refried beans.
    The spices are the main draw, and it's fresh and fantastic.
   It's counter service, and there are some great and affordable Happy Hour specials.
    There's also a super cute, kinda flirty guy at the counter, which doesn't hurt either.
    ;)Definitely coming back!.
   We were there for dinner last night.
    The atmosphere is interesting: trendy food court of Swan's market.
   Everything we had was awesome.
    We've tried the fish tacos (delicious), the pork belly tacos (amazing), grilled squash with corn and pumpkin-seed chile (awesome) and the mango-kumquat salad (mmmmmh).
    Their drink and desert menu is on the short side but gosh, the food is good.
   I've eaten at Cosecha twice, now, and this second dining experience has really confirmed for me that this place is committed to homey, artisan like food with seasonal and fresh ingredients.
    I had the Blue Plate Special- fish tacos with a huge, savory bowl of black beans.
     The beans alone were so perfectly seasoned and warm and tender with a lovely gravy/like sauce -- almost a really thick black bean soup.
   The fish tacos were composed of pieces of fried cod, a sour cream chipotle sauce, one slice of jalapeño, and some cabbage in a corn tortilla.
     Beautifully fried fish that had a very delicate and light texture.
     The service was super excellent and friendly and very respectful-- really top notch service.
     Furthermore, the young man who served me recommended their house hot sauce-- which was bright with a great kick.
   The ambience is of an open air market; very comfortable and pleasant.
     I am so lucky this place is two blocks from my office, and it's just perfect for lunch.
   I really like the ambiance of this place.
     Well, depends, I would imagine you may run into the occasional individuals who think they own the place because of their privileged lives (but that's another story).
   I ordered the fish tacos here (comes with black beans and rice) along with the Chips and Guac.
     For the beverage, I got the horchata latte which is pretty awesome.
     The fish tacos, beans, and rice were pretty good but for $13 bucks, I cannot say it's worth it.
     I must say though that the chips, salsa, and guac were very very good and I would pay the same amount for that item.
     My bill came out to be about $22 bucks.
     Service: I would like to thank the employee who brought the food to the tables, and also took our dishes away later on.
     Very nice and courteous.
     5 stars for him!Would I come back?  Maybe under the right circumstances but would not go out of my way to.
   Ok the huevos cuahutemoc are solid!.
   Great authentic mexican food! Ran into this place, I had the quesadillas best ones I have ever had at a restaurant! Homemade fresh tortillas! I will be back.
   Food was excellent, atmosphere is hip.
     We ordered the yam and cheese quesadilla for the little ones and they enjoyed it.
     I ordered the pork mole.
     It was extremely too spicy and the chef provided me with something less spicy that I could share with the kids.
   Cosecha = Delicious beyond words I can't have enough type of food !!! Cosecha  is home to me :) I worked at Cosecha for lil over two years.
    Even thoe I no longer work there I still come back to enjoy the food with out the work lol everything is so delicious full of flavor I could eat any plate but I must have to say my all time faves would be them shrimp tacos follow by some pork belly tacos it literally melt in your mouth and I can't forget about my mushroom quesadilla with pork.
    If we talking brunch CHILAQUILES VERDES POR FAVOR !! but no matter what I get here it always need to come with a side of beens.
    Those beans OMG I remember taking my lunch break and asking for a plate of beens with chicken, sour cream, pico de gallo, Guac and salsa verde sooo simple yet so amazing.
    (To bad this is not a menu item :( sorry non workers of Cosecha) my now husband (boyfriend when I work at Cosecha ) LOVES them and he not a beens fan, for him me going to cosecha with out him is the end of the world.
    He would be like "but you know I love cosecha " Indeed we do and not only do we love Cosecha but do we love even more its owner and chef Dominica with out her we wouldn't have Cosecha !! She's just amazing I don't know who is happier us when we go or her when she see us.
    I would always go back to Cosecha no other food can compare.
    I love recommending Cosecha because I know I would get that "OMG the food is amazing I can't wait to go back thank you " hahaha never fails.
    I would deff bring my future kids for a kids quesadilla while sipping on a HORCHATA LATTLE I sure gone need that caffeine but it would be a treat as well :).
   Cosecha is a really casual spot- you order at the counter and they deliver the food to your table.
    The shrimp tacos were great, and the breakfast torta was hearty and delicious!Come early if you want the horchata latte- they were already out by 1:30 :( Well, come early in general.
    They ran out of chips before we got there too.
   Locally sourced ingredients with a focus on social justice.
    She trained at Chez Panisse.
    He's a professor at Cal State East Bay.
    How could you not support this fabulous restaurant?!.
   Excellent food.
    Everything I've tried has been absolutely delicious.
    I grew up in Santa Ana and have traveled extensively throughout Mexico and Latin America and can say that the food here is quite authentic and definitely flavorful.
   The green mole is fantastic and the handmade tortillas are a treat.
    I highly recommend the queso fundido.
   Great Mexican joint.
    However, the portions are very small for a high price.
    I would suggest the tortas, over the the tiny tacos ($3.
   65) and pork belly tacos ($4.
   50).
    If you want good tacos for a reasonble price, head over to Mi Rancho taco truck on 1st ave and 14th street.
   Food was good, can taste the quality.
    Pricing for a shop like this was way off.
    15 bucks for two tacos.
   So let me start with what is good: the food is decent and the seating area is nice and good for large groups as you can order at the counter, share large tables, etc.
    Staff are also kind.
    That said, the PRICE IS BEYOND the far reaches of reasonable.
    $15 for two tiny tacos and a bunch of white rice (and no chips included) is totally incommensurate with the prices and portions of other high end counter-order taquerias in the area like picante or tacubaya, even accounting for the cost of special ingredients like shrimp, etc.
   original review, September 2014 (update below):WOW.
    I was expecting over-priced and small portions, after reading the gourmet menu -- But I got decent portions of gourmet served in sustainable to-go containers (no petroleum products, no plastic -- all recycled and compostable packages), for a reasonable price and very quickly.
    I ordered tacos and bean soup to go, on my way to an evening job.
    It was served with a side of beans, rice and tortillas.
    I had enough for lunch the following day as well.
    EVERY part of the order was outstanding -- The sauces, the garnish, the raw ingredients - all of the highest quality and absolutely delicious! Spicy enough to satisfy my preference for extra chili pepper.
    I also appreciate the ambiance of the place -- I was expecting pretentious, but it's like an open cafeteria with several options and a communal eating area.
    The server was quick and helpful.
    I will be eating here regularly.
     Genuine 5 stars.
   ** UPDATE June 2015: I had to downgrade my initial 5-star rating to 4-star.
    (See original review, above).
    Unfortunately, the past several times I've visited Cosecha, the server has skimped on portions, with my containers of beans, rice, and guacamole only half-filled.
    Come on, it's expensive enough with those little containers filled up.
    I've noticed that I get more generous portions from certain servers, on certain days + times.
    Less on others.
    I wish it were consistent.
    .
   This place is overpriced for the food that you get.
     Seems to follow the food truck trend.
     Not recommended.
   I give this spot a 4 due to service being slow.
    I ordered and waited for my drink for some time and funnily asked for it.
    Maybe the drink with meal is the norm.
    The vibe is casual and cool but you will hit business lunches as well in full dress.
    The food is a farm-to-table concept.
    The tacos are tasty.
    They use a single tortilla.
    The braised beef has a dark, spiced sauce that was nice.
    The chicken had great flavor as well.
    Don't expect a massive menu.
   Last time I was here, their special wasn't actually a deal, it was just an item from the menu that was featured and written on a board, but it wasn't cheaper or 'on special' in any way.
    We ordered it, and it said it came with cornbread, but it did not.
    I asked and they said they were out of cornbread, although they did not offer to supplement with something else.
    Small portions for a high price.
   A really nice and open location, with ample seating and a friendly environment.
    I tried the crispy tacos special, which came with 2 crispy pork tacos (there's also a vegetarian option), pinto beans, and avocado salsa.
    The tacos were actually pieces of pork wrapped in thick, fried taco shells.
    I was disappointed that there wasn't any filling like lettuce or tomatoes, but the avocado salsa was so delicious I was fine just dipping my tacos in that.
    Definitely a new experience and fun to eat! The beans were very tasty as well.
   Came back on a few other occasions and tried the fish tacos and the shrimp tacos.
    The shrimp are HUGE (since they're wild caught) and super juicy/flavorful.
    The fish tacos were a bit of a let-down.
    I feel like the fish alone isn't flavorful enough to warrant a lack of fillings.
    (All the fish tacos had were cabbage, sauce, and a sprig of cilantro) Overall, it's pretty pricy for the amount of food you get.
    Definitely not one of the cheapest options around, but I guess you need to pay for the quality.
    And the wait during the lunch rush can be pretty long.
   Had really good lunch here.
   Prices are reasonable, but the atmosphere is very casual.
    You order at the counter.
   We shared the posole.
    it was so good.
    Lots of cilantro and it had some heat to it.
    Might be too much for some people.
   I had the crimini mushroom quesadilla.
    It was perfectly grilled.
    The salsa that came with it was very good.
    And the guacamole was right on.
    Right amount of spice and lime.
   My SO's wild shrimp tacos were good.
    Two fried shrimps in each taco.
     But the side of beans was little bland.
   Oh and we had a choc chip cookie, free for asking.
    It was on the counter.
   I would be definitely back.
   When this place first opened I had the same complaints as some other reviewers here - high prices, small portions, indifferent service.
     Here's the thing though:  This place has seriously upped its game over the past few months, to the point it is now cranking out some of the best food in the bay area.
     No joke, this place is worth a special pilgrimage, especially on mole Monday.
     The mole verde is just OUT OF THIS WORLD good.
   I almost always get the blue plate special.
     It's a reasonable sized portion and the food is just exquisite.
     Sure it's a little pricier than most east bay tacquerias (more at an SF level), but the quality and sophistication of the food more than merit the (still very reasonable) price.
     They make their own tortillas and all the ingredients are absolutely top notch.
     The presentation is also really well done.
   I like the set-up, too.
     It's a particularly nice place to eat on a sunny day, with the open air feel and outside tables.
   Finally, the service has gotten noticeably friendlier over the past few months.
     A trend I hope will continue.
   It was definitely time to upgrade my review to five stars.
    I come here multiple times a week.
    This is my neighborhood spot and I always feel welcome.
    Love that the menu changes seasonally.
   I'm not sure what happened to the people who got bad service because when I went the service was perfect and very friendly.
    I had dinner here on a Saturday night with my wife and we loved it, the location is great and historic the food was very good, fresh, great quality ingredients and good sized portions.
   The homemade chips are fresh crispy and really tasty, the tortillas are handmade warm tender and awesome, the beans are really good overall just super good mexican food, I recommend it.
   I am excited to see restaurants taking a chance with mexican food and not doing the same old taqueria thing.
   The food is decent.
    Pricing of the tacos is a bit expensive.
    The customer service could use improvement.
    I will most likely not return due to the manner in which I was spoken to when I wanted modifications to my meal.
   Love their shrimp taco and posole soup, love the food, love the ambiance!.
   If you are looking for a good heavy meal and unique beer in Oakland, the Hog's Apothecary is the place to be.
     Its a small neighborhood restaurant, that has an industrial tap house feel.
     The staff was friendly and service was great.
     I would not say the service was particularly fast or slow, but servers were attentive despite how busy the restaurant was.
    I really enjoyed the beer list.
     It seemed to feature mostly small local breweries (many I had never even heard of).
     The variety of the beer selection was great and everything we tried was wonderful.
     I love trying new beer, especially from small California breweries, and I loved that this restaurant offered a wide variety of choices.
    The restaurant does take reservations.
    They seem to be busy while we were there so if you can get a reservation I recommend it.
     However (according to the website, only some of the restaurant can be reserved, so they also take plenty of walk-ins).
     There are two TVs above the bar area, so If you are hoping to catch a game on TV they have you covered.
    Our food was excellent.
    All of the small bites were great.
    The pretzel was my favorite.
    That alone could have been my meal.
     The spicy mustard was GREAT, but spicy!! If you love horseradish you will LOVE this mustard (and its perfect with the buttery flavor of the pretzel).
     I had the Titanic salad.
     It was great and plenty of food for a main meal.
     My husband had half dozen oysters and ribs and he had nothing but positives to say about that.
     My only criticism about the experience was that the restaurant was very warm inside.
     The windows were open but it didn't seem to provide much airflow.
    Its a small space, so with the kitchen cooking and a full restaurant it can become uncomfortably warm.
     Overall, great beer, yummy food and nice people.
     We will definitely go back.
   Pros:  fast and friendly service           Food is hearty and good           Good beer selectionCons: food is very heavy .
   but it's good.
   First time dining here today.
     Had reservations for Mother's Day.
     We were seated quickly, and then it was almost 20 minutes before our waiter showed up.
     I had been looking around, with pleading eyes, hoping maybe someone could take the time to get a mimosa started for a mom.
     But no.
     No water, nothing.
     The place was still half empty.
   The food was really good though.
   My son ordered the biscuits and gravy, but the biscuits were kind of drowned in the gravy, so my son wasn't eating them.
     I asked if he could have a dry biscuit and they said sure no problem.
     Of course surprise when the bill came- they just had to charge us the $5 for the dry biscuit- which was about 15 cents of ingredients.
     If they had warned us at the time they they weren't simply trying to help a customer be satisfied with their meal, and would be charging us, maybe I would not have been so annoyed.
     But between the 20 minute wait for service and the nickel and diming, it left me not looking forward to a return.
   If you care nothing about service, this place will be just fine.
   Visited today 5.
   4.
   16 I was working from home today and my friend stopped by to visit me.
    We got really hungry and decided to be adventurous and try a new place.
    The hog's apothecary has been on my list for quite some time now.
    I bookmarked it for their corn dog.
    It was pretty empty for a Wednesday at lunch.
    I guess it's to be expected.
    Sadly, they didn't have the corn dog offered today at lunch.
    I decided to get the trail park boy.
    Their bread is good! The mortadella was new to me.
    I liked it, a bit too salty.
    Actually salt was a big problem with our meal here.
    We share the supernova appetizer/starter.
    It was a mixed green beet salad with herb crème fraîche.
    It was so incredibly SALTY.
    We kind of forced ourselves to eat it when we honestly should've just sent it back or just stopped eating it.
    The only thing good about the salad was the toasted hazelnuts.
    My side salad that came with my sandwich was also wayyyy to salty.
    I didn't even try to eat it.
    We drank two jugs of water while we were there.
    This place was pretty disappointing.
    /: I wouldn't come back here unless it was to try their corn dog.
   Excellent experience at this place.
    Communal seating, sports TVs, great service, and gourmet artisan food.
    Their products are quality, and so even though they're pricey, they are decently portioned.
    They change their menu every day, so that's exciting.
   Fun place in Oakland! I came here for dinner with friends after a day of drinking our way through Napa.
   Outside, you'll be impressed with the big clean windows and inside, you'll find community tables and a menu with lots of beers.
   and a surprising amount of hotdogs.
    Most of my group went the hotdog route but I opted for the "Pride of Castroville" which was delicious with juicy artichokes.
    Fun service, chill atmosphere.
   Lively, quality gastropub that's helping to put the area around 40th Street and Broadway on the map as a new dining corridor in Oakland, with a feel and identity that's distinct from gentrified Piedmont Avenue not far away.
   The first things you notice are the tremendous craft beer selection and the meat/pork-heavy menu.
    As for the beer, the selection is quite extensive and although it features mostly craft brews, it looks like it's been curated to be very comprehensive across all major styles.
    Moreover, if you have any questions about any single beer item, you could ask for a little taste, or you could ask for advice on what pairs well with certain dishes on the menu.
   And as for the menu, it is quite meat-heavy (although I assume some items may be vegetarian-friendly or can be made so).
    While items like sausages might sound steep at around $13, the portion size is tremendous, and the case of the "Got Seoul" sausage that they offered recently, it comes topped uniquely with Asian ingredients.
    There are even meatier, more substantial entrees available too, all with whimsical names to them.
    Everything is so meaty and delicious, you'll be "mmm"-ing with approval throughout the meal.
   The overall atmosphere is quite friendly and festive, with lots of communal seating, and the place can be packed most of the time.
    Service is also knowledgeable and friendly too.
    Chalk up another win for the 40th Street area and for the Oakland dining scene.
   Your typical hipster joint.
    Bearded men, beer, beer snacks made in-house, pretzels.
   Crater Lake Root Beer was delish.
    Served in a metal cup with perfectly square ice cubes that don't get in the way, it has a refreshing but light sassafras taste.
    It's $5 for about 10 oz.
   Pretzel was pretty average.
    The mustard was more like wasabi pretending to be mustard.
    The malted mayo was brown mayo.
   The space is pretty comfortable but service was okay.
    No one came to our table for quite a while until we asked.
   Awesome brunch.
    Hangar steak and eggs were perfectly rare and runny (respectively) and biscuits with friend chicken add-on was gooey and juicy (respectively)Draught iced coffee was strong without being overly bitter and creamy smooth cream.
   Service was quick and attentive and just as hipster as one would expect.
   A happy find in Oakland.
     Interesting selection of beers and tasty food.
     I had the New York Reuben sandwich and was very satisfied.
     The pastrami is almost shredded, which worked fine, and the flavor was excellent.
     Husband had the meatball sandwich and enjoyed it tremendously.
     Freshly made potato chips were perfectly cooked.
     We will happily go back anytime.
   This is a very difficult place to decide whether it's a 3 or a 5 star.
    I opted for 4 stars, and here's why.
    The ambiance is beautiful.
    The lighting is low and glowing, and extremely inviting.
    The overall setup of this restaurant is well thought out.
    And they have a pretty decent selection of beer on tap; different local breweries with brief descriptions.
    Their food is pretty good.
    It's a bit pricey for my wallet, but that's with the understanding the local (sustainable) farmers provide produce and meat.
    And it's good.
    Just beyond my budget for the most part.
    I have a pretty decent job and all, but this is Oakland after all, and $25 entrees, no matter how high the quality of food, is just not within my budget of reasonable spending for a single entree, not including drinks, not including  my partner  or her  choice of food and beverage.
    I will probably just stick to going there for some booze.
    The bartenders are great, the servers are somewhere between mediocre and great, and overall this business seems to have a lot of pride and it presents itself well.
    Definitely worth stopping by for a beer and scoping things out.
    It's very inviting.
   ** honorable mention, this is with respect to Jack R review.
    Just wanted to make the argument that Jack's review is wildly inappropriate.
    Not only is it borderline chauvinistic with his constant mention of how attractive the waitress was, but it's inappropriate with respect to how his failure to order left the waitress to awkwardly make suggestions and order food for him, that he later, somehow, "realized" he didn't know what she had ordered, and therefore he did not like it.
    Went on to joke about how his friend nearly pushed the waitress into his lap, then complained about the food again.
    You're a douche, Jack.
    I think you should take your review down.
    **.
   My girlfriend and I went on a double date with two of our friends, and we had dinner at The Hog's Apothecary.
    It was a Saturday night, and there was a good crowd.
    This restaurant has communal tables which is something that I absolutely disdain.
    As someone who has a busy schedule and is in a long distance relationship, my time with my girlfriend, my friends, and my family is precious to me.
    When I finally get the time to spend with my self-selected company, I hate having to shout over strangers to avoid being drowned out by their own conversations.
    That being said, the communal tables at Hog's were not nearly as cramped as the ones at Homeroom.
    You still have to do a lot of yelling though.
    The hard wooden benches were pretty uncomfortable too.
    Everything else about the restaurant was really great though.
    They offer a preponderance of great local and semi-local beers on tap.
    I had the Buddha's Hand IPA from Berryessa Brewing in Winters, CA, and it was awesome.
    It was not overly bitter and had a pleasant citrus taste from the Buddha's hand.
    Everyone else enjoyed their beers as well.
   My girlfriend and I started our meal with a soft pretzel.
    The pretzel had a rich, brown skin and was light and airy on the inside.
    I really enjoyed the spicy mustard dipping sauce that came with the pretzel.
    The heat from the mustard hits you right in the sinuses (in a good way).
   For our meal, we shared the corn dog and the Jamaican Me Crazy sausage.
   Corn dog: Easily one of the best (non-State Fair) corn dogs I've ever had.
    However, I feel like corn dogs are kind of like donuts.
    Awful ones are still pretty good, and even the best version with the best possible ingredients is only a few times better than the average ones.
    Jamaican Me Crazy: The sausage was tasty, although the jerk seasoning could have been a little more bold.
    I only tasted faint traces of allspice.
    The bun pillow-soft and provided a textural contrast to the pop I would get when biting into the casing of the sausage.
    The potato chips were tasty too.
    While both items were really good, they do seem a little overpriced for what they are.
   Our service was good, although there was some redundancy between the servers.
    Several different people came around to take our orders and this led to some confusion when my girlfriend ordered a second beer and two of the servers mistakenly thought that the other one would get the beer.
    They got it right eventually though.
   Overall, I like The Hog's Apothecary and would come back another time for beer and a corn dog.
   Every time I pass by Hog's Apothecary, it's filled to the brim with customers.
    The menu is filled with (overpriced) sausage options.
    I guess it's their specialty, but no way in hell I am buying into gourmet hotdogs prices anymore.
    I already think Rosamunde and Wurstkuche in LA are overhyped and overpriced so $12+ for a dog? I really don't think so.
   Instead, I tried out the brunch menu.
    At first look, everything is pleasant.
    The servers are nice, the interior is open with long communal tables, and they have an extensive "hipster" beer list.
    I'm on a Belgian kick lately for I get the two Belgian beers and they are both delicious.
    After we ordered the food, about 45 minutes have passed and we are already close to finishing our second beer.
    The service is painfully slow.
    In fact, I saw some other tables that came in after us getting their food first.
    What's up with that?They see us get a bit antsy and assure us our food is coming out.
    I receive my French Monsieur which is good, with a nice kick of Horseradish.
    I also try the Apothecary Benedict and must admit, the house made ham is quite good.
    Everything tastes pretty good but they are all pretty much heart attacks on a plate.
    The food is definitely better than average but not enough to make me keep wanting to come back.
    The problem with this place, and a bunch of other new hipster joints in Oakland, is that everything is "artisanal" but that doesn't mean it necessarily makes everything taste better nor does it justify the stiff prices.
    There are too many places in Oakland which offers a good beer list and hipster food, but it's kind of getting out of hand.
    What's next, $20 sausage made with baby dragon butt and foie gras? I digress but I didn't feel Hog's was a step above any other already existing places.
    That's why I'll give it an A-OK.
   We brought some of our fam here, because I mean it has hog in the name--- why wouldn't we? They only serve beer and wine, so don't expect a full bar.
     The menu is a great mix of stuff to share and entrees.
     We ordered a mix of bar snacks, appetizers and one entree to share.
     Everything was super tasty! The staff was super awesome.
     The one thing that I didn't like was the bench seating (I need a seat back when filling my belly) and there was no where to hang my jacket &amp; purse.
     We will definitely go back here to try more of the menu.
   My wife &amp; I decided to start out 2016 with brunch here today.
     Brunch was quite busy today, so it was good that we made a reservation.
     She started with a mimosa, while I had a pint of hefeweizen (a tough choice, as they have over 25 beers on draft).
     I ordered the chicken and waffles.
     You can get either maple syrup or gravy with this order, but I recommend the syrup.
     The onion waffle and fried chicken are very savory, so the sweetness of the syrup brings a nice balance.
     They use boneless chicken thighs, so you can forgo utensils and just dig in with your bare hands!My wife ordered a benedict, which comes with the house pastrami.
     The egg was cooked perfectly, but the dish (along with the house potatoes) were a little on the salty side.
   We ordered a side of bacon to share, which could have been cooked a little longer.
   The service was excellent:  attentive, but not overbearing.
     The place got pretty loud as it got crowded, but it was very festive for the holiday.
   I was out Free Wheeling and I had a fresh Charge on my Ankle Bracelet .
    Today was a good day to eliminate another Book Mark .
   So I rolled to The Hogs Apothecary and Oaktown.
   I rolled up and Parked right across the street .
    No Parking Lot just Street Parking .
   They also have Bike Parking right up front.
    The Cool Thing is the Front Door Handles are Shaped like Giant Meat Cleavers.
   I was Greeted upon Entering and  Grabbed  a Seat at the Bar.
    The Furnishings are Very Sturdy and some of it is from Repurposed Materials very cool.
    Their Bar Menu and Food Menu Change Daily .
    They also Butcher a Whole Pig every Tuesday and they use every part in Meal preparation .
   They have 2 LCD TVs for Sporting Events .
   They also have a Nice Big Open Air Skylight .
   Their Bartenders are a Wealth of Info .
   They have several Micro Brews on Tap.
   I ordered a Whippersnapper -Southern English Style Brown Mild Ale .
    I Liked It.
   I then ordered a Chocolypto - Imperial Stout with Oatmeal and Cacao .
    I really like this one it was Rich and Robust .
   My Final Beer was Framboos / Batch 28 -Belgian Style Ale with Raspberries .
    This is a Must Order very Flavorful and Fruity .
   For Dinner I Ordered The Belgian Braise - House Butchered Pork Shoulder braised in Societe ale , heirloom grits , charred radish rapini  braising  jus ,hard herb- bread crumb salsa .
   This was very good the Pork was so Tender it melted in my Mouth .
    Yummy I also ordered a Corn Dog and it Came with House rendered Lard Fried Kennebec Potato Chips and Mixed Pickles .
    This was also good .
   My Servers were Very Nice and Prompt .
    I Paid By Discover Card and Rolled out.
   The fried chicken was piled high and looked scrumptious, but it was raw.
     Not under done, not pink.
     Gelatinously raw.
     I asked that it be removed from the bill which they did, but I was surprised our server didn't seem more alarmed by the fact that raw chicken made it onto the plate.
    This is fine if you like communal tables.
   It took me awhile, but I finally got to try Hog's and for brunch, nonetheless.
   I came on a Saturday and there was a good crowd and we got seated right away.
    I had one of their many beers on tap, though I don't recall which one.
    I went with the Belgian Waffles with Fried Chicken.
    The waffles were savory and the fried chicken was a must.
    Otherwise, what's the point? The dish was excellent.
    Though the person I was with got the something else, it was very small for the price, even though my dish was a bit pricey as well.
    I don't remember what he got, as it is not on the menu online.
    The food is good and the service is good as well.
    This is a place I would come to every once in a long awhile, but certainly worth a try.
   I live down the street so I always end up here when I can't make a decision on what to eat.
    Great beer selection and excellent food.
    Menu is always changing, which is nice because I can always order something new.
    The bartender told us they base their menu off of what is available that day.
    Also, service has always been super friendly.
   I should have ordered the Fried Chicken.
   As good as that dish looked though (and as much as I wanted to try it), I knew I had to order something pork related.
     After all, between Hog's Apothecary's name and their giant pig statue that hovered behind me, it'd practically be sacrilegious not to!  And I am not one to mess with the pork/bacon/pork belly powers that may be (all hail, Bacon!).
   With a menu that is constantly changing, Hog's Apothecary has a lot to offer, even if the day's menu isn't super extensive - roughly a dozen starters and sides, a handful of sausages, and a few different entrées.
     What's more, there's beer and lots of it.
     With over 25 varieties on tap (mostly craft brews), you could even forgo eating and just sample beers all night long.
   -- SPICY PORK CRACKLIN'S.
   $3(yelp.
   com/biz_photos/the-…)These cracklin's are crackin'!  Not only are they borderline addictive, but they really do pack some heat, as every piece is coated with a spicy, mouth-watering seasoning (don't forget the lime!).
     What's more, the portion is quite generous!  A great starter for groups to share.
   -- BOURBON-CHICKEN LIVER PATE.
   $6(yelp.
   com/biz_photos/the-…)Although larger slices of bread would have been nice to spread out all that pate, I'm not definitely not complaining about those giant gobs either!  While every bite was rich and decadent, the taste was also nicely accentuated by the sea salt and the berries.
     If this isn't the best one I've had, it wouldn't be far behind.
   -- SUPERFECTA SAUSAGE SANDWICH - Pork, Rabbit, Chicken, Tim's Brown Ale, Basque Chili &amp; Mild Herbs, Fennel-Onion Braise, Dijon Mustard.
   $14(yelp.
   com/biz_photos/the-…)The only blemish, but it was a big one.
     I was hopeful for trio of meats in the sausage, but it wasn't even juicy, let alone flavorful.
     Ironically, the braise had the opposite effect, overpowering whatever flavor the meat had with fennel.
     Sadly, besides the chips, the only other thing I enjoyed were the pickled vegetables.
   As underwhelming as my order was, it really was the only "bad" thing about my experience.
     Great food otherwise, an awesome selection of beers, fantastic staff (they let our large party split our bill into smaller tabs), and (relatively) easy parking.
     Plus, with several long tables, Hog's Apothecary is grew for groups large or small.
   Also, it's worth noting that the rest of my friends seemed to enjoy their food quite a bit (we all ordered different things), so it wouldn't surprise me if what I had just wasn't one of their better dishes.
     Especially since the starters were really good.
     Rounding up from THREE AND A HALF STARS, but I wonder what might have been if I had only ordered the fried chicken!.
   4.
   5 StarsProsA great variety of draft beers + a flight option Pretzel was easily shareable and well done Fun atmosphereChill staff ConsUmmmm can be pricey depending on your beer choice Overall ThoughtsWhile I enjoyed my experience with the beer I want to come back for the food to see if it can be bumped up that last half star!.
   Order the meatballs (appetizer) and fried chicken.
    They have tons of beer on tap!  I was in the mood for cider and they had 2 to choose from.
   I can wait to come back here.
     Such a gem!.
   Will not be returning.
    I give the ambiance, environment, resources (food and drink) a mediocre mark, nothing special.
    It was the service I wasn't happy with.
    I have not ever been talked to like that here in the Bay Area.
    I brought my service dog and two friends and was felt less than welcomed.
    Although we did get to sit down for a beer.
    Our waiter, the bartender, Josh H, near beginning of dinner, was kind of an asshole to my friends and I.
    He immediately had a tone upon first approach like he wasn't going to like us, asking about my small dog.
    I told him we had already talked to the manager and were welcomed to sit down.
    I felt like he would have told us to leave.
   Josh came over to my friends and I to get our drink order.
    My friend had a question which left much to be interpreted.
    Instead of helping my friend out he insulted her by remarking "how all over the place" her question was.
    I was floored.
    I later asked for a glass of water.
    Of course I had my dog in my lap away from others, I gave him a chance to drink out of the glass.
    Josh comes out of nowhere and immediately rips the glass out of my hand and scolds me.
    Stroke two.
    We were all ready to leave by this point.
    He returned with a paper cup of water for my dog.
    Sweet? Hardly.
    He also assumed we wanted separate checks when we did not.
    Perhaps he was having a bad day but a first impression is a first impression bud.
    Terrible service.
    Money is tight for most and I wouldn't waste a second try on somewhere that was just ok.
    In order to harvest a community you should probably be more friendly to your locals and their pooches.
    Word spreads fast.
   It's currently SF Beer Week.
     Like, I'm sad that I even had to work at all this week, but I need the money to taste the beer, so here we are.
     Last night, the hubs and I met some good friends at the Hog's Apothecary as they were hosting brews from FiftyFifty Brewing.
     I stalked the menu online, and many of their offerings are meat and pork and sausage and YES.
     Our server was very friendly and very attentive.
      A+Location - near (in?) Temescal in Oakland.
     I hear this is a notorious hipsterville area.
     No matter, this place is kinda by itself on a corner.
     Walking in, there are picnic tables, so you sit community style with others.
     There was a bar to my right, communal seating in the middle, and bar seating along the left edge.
     I enjoyed the decor, but man, it's loud AF in there.
     We were there in the evening, after 7pm and it wasn't super crowded, but it sounded like it.
    We were fortunate enough to be able to move to a corner booth so we could hear our own conversation.
    Beer - I sampled two beers and shite, I can't remember the name of the FiftyFifty beer.
     It started with an M, if I remember correctly, and it was delicious.
     Winner winner!  The second beer was the German Table Beer, a dark German session with wheat.
     Also delicious.
     I wish it hadn't been a Wednesday night because I would've picked at LEAST three more to try.
     The selection is superb.
     Most of my stars are dedicated to this.
   Food - We ordered the Snack Bar and split among us four.
     I think it's a good bang for your buck.
     You get a HUGE fresh soft pretzel, house made corn nuts, olives, and pork cracklins.
     Everything on that platter was delicious, though I feel as though the cracklins were a little stale.
     Could've just been me.
     Hubs and I split the Steph Currywurst.
     It's a good portion for one person.
     That was my bad.
     Not too overwhelming with the curry flavor, with nice pickled onions and chips on the side.
     I left needing something else though.
   I took away a star due to price.
     Yes, the selection is great.
     The food is well thought-out and complementary to the beer list.
     It was pricey for me though (see 1st paragraph).
     A sausage dog, although delicious was $14.
     Overall, still a good place.
     I'd come here again on a semi-full stomach to sample more beer.
   Great brunch place! Friendly service.
    Sat at the bar and was served by a cool guy from San Diego.
    A wide variety of beer on tap.
    The Royale with Cheese was amazing.
    The oysters were sweet.
    I will definitely return to try the pumpkin pie donut holes!.
   If you want a sausage and beer, this is definitely the place to be! Also, if you're a giant hipster, go here:) the quality is excellent, the vibe is trendy (in all it's dark wood and metal accents, with some great pops of corrugated metal at the bar).
   This place is a major thumbs up, bring your friends and it'll be a great time!.
   I am glad I like this place because it's literally across the street from me.
    Be aware it gets PACKED and it's really not the place to just drop in for a beer on the weekend.
    They are really particular where you sit too so aside from the bar you must check in with the host/hostess.
    The food is good however a bit overpriced but the pretzel is huge and very reasonably priced.
    But you're really coming her for the beer.
    The beer list is great.
    Let me say that again-- the beer list is great.
    A ton of time goes into crafting this and you can tell.
    Everyone working there knows a ton and will recommend and let you tastes everything first.
    I miss the little shuffle board they used to have but they totally needed the space given how popular Hog's has become.
    It's great for the neighborhood and I am a big fan.
   Bacon.
    Pretzel.
    Fried chicken.
    Millions of local brew on tap.
    This man I know, who I call Lester, not his real name, of course, who is from the great state of Iowa, would have loved this place like hog in mud.
    My pre-race meal.
    It was very children friendly.
    I unfortunately was having a discussion with my dining partner about why men always cheat when a young couple with young children sat down.
    Yes it was a communal table style.
    So conversation of controversy could be overheard.
    Though I should not apologize for we have freedom of speech here and plus I know I am right.
    I am the confession chamber to many guy friends who cheat but feel guilty.
   Social commentary aside, this is kind of restaurant that serves the food for the people.
    Basic yet upscale.
    Possibly the best fried chicken with collard greens I have ever eaten.
    I ordered the pork shoulder with grits, delicious.
    Pretzel with two kinds of gourmet mustard, yum.
    But, the most surprising thing was the apple and celery root soup called fruit and root soup.
    Creamy, yes, but also very light and sweet.
    Very girlie dish I think.
    I think the sausages looked great.
    I want to come back to try the local brew.
    Very fashionable.
    This place felt a bit Midwestern and a bit of the South, and slightly Brooklyn.
    Oakland is having a moment.
    I sort of kind of want to share my finds with everyone.
    Time to make some new friends so I can show them how Oaklanders do food.
   We arrived early for our reservation so sat at the bar where we enjoyed some of the amazing beers they have on tap.
    The service and atmosphere was so great we decided to just fine at the bar and what a treat.
    We had bar snacks of olives and spicy pork crackling - both delicious.
    Next the chickfritz which made me wish I could cook so well.
    For our main we shared the shrimp and grits - let's say I had to strongly resist licking the plate! Final course was the pumpkin and pretzel donuts with a custard sauce.
    I'll admit to drinking what was left of the custard sauce.
    The donuts themselves were packed with flavor and delightfully moist.
    Finally did I mention the beer selection? Great choice of local small brews, many of which I love so glad Hogs supports them.
    I will definitely be back.
   Wasn't impressed with the food or service,but the place looks nice.
    Wouldn't go back.
   This area is infested with hipsters and there's nothing to complain about that.
    This restaurant is exactly what this area needed! Craft beer galore.
    This is a more intimate hipster place with cafeteria tables and a bar stools all around (they really want you to start talking to the strangers).
    What I lovvvvveeee is the style and the Devore of this place.
    The plentiful of windows and the high ceilings.
    It really comfortable here.
   They have a huge selection of craft beer all over the east Bay Area as well as out of town beers.
   For now I only tried their hot dogs and pretzel.
    The pretzel was good! Nice and soft and really big enough for two.
    Just AVOID dipping a huge piece into their yellow home made mustard sauce.
    It taste like wasabi.
    As for the hotdog, Jamaican Jerk Off.
    It was ok.
    The Bun broke off cause it was so soft.
    The sausage was good.
    The vegetable they added on top didn't chop off well with the bite.
    I mean it's a hot dog, so simple but they made it so complex that it was hard to understand why.
    I would come back again for the beer for sure.
   Went there again recently and was actually amazed by the food.
    Had mussels and some kind of fabulous salad and vegetable fritter thing.
    It was so fresh, interesting and delicious! (Yes.
    I licked the plate.
   ) Sometimes it's just a matter of respecting your own culinary boundaries and finding the right thing to eat.
    And of course, enjoying The Hog's creative and excellent execution.
   Not sure what's going on but we have been sitting here for 30 minutes! We came in and the waitress took our beer order.
    10 minutes later got our beers! She never came back walked around helping all 10 people in the restaurant.
    Trying to flag her down no eye contact smh.
    Well at least my dead canary is good.
    oh boy she walked by again!! Check please I guess we can't try the food.
    Let me change it to one star even ride when asking for the check!!.
   I came here during restaurant week and it was pretty busy.
    The service was great and the food was okay.
   Excellent beer selection Slowish service, only had maybe 1 or 2 waitstaff for a  busy Saturday night.
    I was going to order the corn app but thankfully I was told it was essentially corn nuts.
   Pistachio mortadella was goodPork  crackling was deliciousShrimp grits were absolutely fantasticCorn dog was extremely dissapointing, the breading fell apart and wasn't crispy or thick enough and the sausage was bleh.
   Sorry, but don't believe the hype.
    Although Hog's is a guiding light for the Temescal gentrification movement, the service is kind of pretentious dudes old timey haircuts and ironic t-shirts, the food is meh, and the vibe is kind of wack.
    Thanks for the $7.
   50 beer and microwaved pretzel.
    Wah-wahhhhhh.
   You know, I found the menu very hard to navigate.
    Maybe I went at the wrong time of the day? But we were only offered a bar menu and it was not straight forward.
    I felt almost intimidated trying to figure out why we had to de-code it.
    We had to ask the waitress a few times what is what and how we get what we want.
    She seemed at awe why we would ask suchhhh questions but then she served us marinated olives from a MASON jar.
    That was when I figured out we were going to be spending money on cool instead of food, so we nibbled and left.
    I may or may not stick my head in another time, just to see if their regular dinner menu will not be served on burlap or a birds nest.
    The restaurant itself is very pretty though!.
   I went here with two of my friends for Oakland Restaurant Week; unfortunately, we came at dinner and the offer was not available! Bummer! You walk in, and there is a bar, benches (Biergarten status), and stools around the edges.
    The decor was nice and even featured a giant hog.
    FOOD: We got the meatball appetizer and I got the Extras sandwich.
    My friends got the Area 51 and the Kielbasa.
    Overall, tasty.
    The food comes with freshly made chips and pickled vegetables.
    The chips were HEAVILY salted that I felt that it was just not good.
    Please hold back on the salt.
    Veggies were fine.
    The sausage combo itself was pretty good.
    DRINK:I got a double IPA.
    The place has a lot of beer options and are constantly rotating with choices, so beer options are great here.
    SERVICE: I was pleased with the service.
    Our waitress was attentive, but nothing spectacular, but our food and drinks come out in within a reasonable amount of time.
    Although, she took away our full water pitcher and gave it to another party.
    I was confused, but mistakes like that happen.
    OVERALL:To sum it up, very expensive, which probably is why it's 3 stars.
    For what I ate, the quality, and all, I don't see how I can justify $14 for a "sandwich" (a hot dog).
    We were content with the place at the end of the night, but believed the price and quality disparity was too big.
   I changed my mind.
    (after my last visit)Smarmy host.
    Over priced food.
    Yacky, pretentious &amp; droning hipster wannabes.
    It's downright annoying.
    I'm not going back.
    'tis a shame.
    Nice bartender.
    Great beer selection.
     .
   oh well.
   Great place to get a drink, and the food (at least, our pretzels) is great! They have a large variety of beers.
    I had the red flight, everyone else had lighter beers.
    The beer and the pretzels were all amazing!.
   Quick stop for a snack before heading out to a late dinner.
    The beer selections were pretty impressive! Decided to try the Hock &amp; Trotter Terrine - could use a bit of seasoning.
    The flavors didn't mix in together as well as we expected it to.
    Still overall satisfying.
   Despite passing by this place several times on my trek to Piedmont, I had never set foot in The Hog's Apothecary until this evening.
    I had always felt a tad bit put off by the name, as I am a strict vee-gan.
    Their menu didn't seem to be very veg-friendly (rather, not at all).
    However, my friend Lindsey (also a veg) brought me here, and I thought it was pretty neat, as far as bars go.
    I tried the Societe beer flight this evening ($10), which featured tantalizing names for each brew: The Harlot, The Debutante, and The Widow.
    All three of the beers hailed from San Diego.
    The service was a touch unfriendly, but I've come to expect that same surliness with hipster locales in the East Bay.
    The dining area and bar were both pretty jam-packed, so the host placed us, standing, at a counter by the window.
    The server seemed to dislike this placement, but where else were we to go? I think I would have bumped this one up to a 5 if the staff had took initiative and found us a table.
    Even so, at the end of the day, all of the beers I tasted were delicious, and I would definitely return to sample more of their cold beverages.
   The ambiance here is really nice.
    The beer is delicious and food is amazing.
    The pretzels with wasabi mustard sauce really opens your airway and taste so good.
   Been here for lunch and dinner now and it's been great!  The menu is limited but with enough choices and diversity for everyone to be able to find something.
     Extensive beer menu but I dont think liquor.
     Seating is communal on some tables to be ready to rub elbows with a stranger.
     Looking forward to going back as they update their menu.
   Loudest restaurant I've ever been in making the experience uncomfortable right as it began.
     The cracklins were chewy, not really crunchy, and didn't have any pork flavor to it.
     The terrine was too subtle and came on bread which tasted like it was a day old.
     My Versace sausage was one of the better ones I've had, well seasoned and juicy with a good kick, served on a soft bun which tasted kind of like a Hawaiian roll.
    The potato chips were fine but nothing special, reminds me of in-n-out fries which are "more fresh" but also just don't taste as good as other stuff you find.
   Overall a pretty average meal in an unpleasant setting.
   Wow! Literally the best benedict I ever had, and from a gastropub no less.
     The meat was amazing and the egg was perfectly poached.
     Excellent job! And I'm typically someone who is very particular with it comes to breakfast (I have a sous vide at home so it's hard to beat sous vide eggs).
     Plus great beer selection on top of that!.
   Had a nice lunch here with a mimosa and a "Vietnamese" sausage sandwich with an egg on it.
    quite good.
    You sit at communal tables.
    Maybe next time we come here for happy hour.
   We came back for dinner to celebrate our 1-year wedding anniversary (dropped in without a reservation) and in almost no time at all, we were seated in the exact same place as our first visit back in July.
    We had the same server, AND she remembered us! Pretty awesome.
    The blue cheese stuffed figs are not on the menu currently but they make some damn good steak (with blue cheese BUTTER!!! WOWWWW) and fries.
    I loved looking around the restaurant while we were eating and seeing how the staff all interacted with each other - laughing, talking, and at one point I looked up in time to see someone down half a glass of beer.
    I don't mean to imply they're unprofessional; rather I get the impression that people that work here love being around each other and working together in an environment that they enjoy, which definitely makes for a fun dining experience.
    If we lived closer (and made a bit more money) I'd want to be regulars.
   Seriously guys, if you're ever in the area, skip the crowds waiting outside Homeroom (although I also love that place) and just go about a block up for some of the best dishes in the east bay.
   Brunched here twice and the food has been delectable:Softshell crab Benedict - I snapped that up the moment I saw it, and so glad I did because it wasn't on the menu the next time I went here!  It was just as good I imagined it would be, plus the potatoes on the side were amazing.
   Savory waffle + fried chicken - I had this with both gravy and syrup, and really it should be done no other way.
     The fried chicken was boneless (all the easier to inhale you with, my dear), moist on the inside, crunchy but not greasy on the outside.
     The waffles were cornmeal-y, also with the perfect amount of crispness most becoming of a waffle.
     Have this dipped in syrup, and then the next bite smeared with gravy, then a bite of chicken, and so forth.
     I can guarantee the couple next to you who hasn't gotten their entrees yet will be slightly uncomfortable at you and your spouse's eating moans.
     Service was great.
     I would say in the summer be prepared for a cold drink along with everything else.
   Waltzed in here with a reservation for 2, just in case, on a Sunday morning for brunch.
    Upon first observation, this place is bright, open and cute!! Community tables for the social people and a few private tables for people like me.
    My friend opted for the Pastrami Benedict with Schmaltz Potatoes and I went for the Fried Chicken and Spring Onion Waffles with Huckleberry Jam.
    Let's not forget the mimosas, a brunch requirement.
    Delicious.
    That is all I have to say.
    Hands down best chicken and waffles I've had so far.
    And I've had a lot.
    No bones! I'm all about bones and meat handles but you know there be places that give you only skin and bones.
    Just meat baby.
    Crispy on the outside and tender, juicy on the inside.
    I'm salivating just thinking about it.
    And those schmaltzy potatoes?! I stole them off my friends plate.
    So damn good.
    That flavor! I can't get over this place!.
   This is one of our go-to brunch spots in the Bay Area.
    The beer selection is phenomenal, the food is great and we love the space with beautiful light big community tables.
    Some of our favorites include the French Madame, the schmaltzy potatoes, the Royale with cheese.
    The staff is always friendly, great customer service.
   Hipster is probably the best way to describe this place.
    The concept, the staff, the menu.
    This is something that you would expect in Portland - but none of this is necessarily a bad thing.
   My friend up in Oakland had reached out to me, and while looking at reviews for the Trappist, a mention about the Hog's Apothecary caught my eye.
    Fortunately the place was a few blocks from my friend and close to my sister.
    My friend has wanted to try this place, and I was curious.
   We showed up to standing room only - a good sign.
    My friend put her name down with a 30 minute wait, and we found a space to look over the beer menu.
    Really impressive, local menu.
    Some things I've tried, but there was plenty that I had never even seen before.
    Started with the 1903 Pre-Prohibition Style American Lager, which was delicious, and intelligently the beers got added to the menu tab for when we sat.
   Not even 10 minutes later we got a seat.
    Other than the bar, the place features long tables with benches.
    Herein lies the one of problem I see with this place: getting in and up from these benches if you have a middle seat and they are already packed.
    I eventually maneuvered in, but it wasn't easy.
   The possibly daily-changing menu was confusing to say the least.
    I still have no idea what Arlo Shirks or Olin Browns are.
    I get it, hipster.
    But don't make things difficult on your servers and the patrons - call shit out, like everything else on the menu.
   Regardless, I went the sausage sandwich route that the person sitting next to me also did: a Darkwing (duck and pork sausage with some kind of delicious greens on top) and the fried grits side.
    The Darkwing was delicious and hearty, the chips very flavorful, as were the white veggie side.
    The fried grits were also delicious, but the sausage was big enough that I barely got a dent into the grits.
   Before leaving my friend and I each ordered one of the daily flights: she went with wheat, I went with hoppy.
    The Daphne was delicious, but definitely more on the crisp summer day variety of hoppy.
   I could definitely see coming back, and if I lived in the area, the beers alone might make this a recurring stop.
    Some of the entrees are a bit on the pricey side, but fortunately there are some cheap options so you don't break the bank.
   Great food and rotating taps.
     The staff is also wonderful.
     I visit often and love their brunch!.
   A certain someone wanted to try this place for over 4 months now.
   Here we are at this place with all the open space in the world, but to only see two communal tables in the middle of the room and bar stools along the window counters.
     Trying to squeezed us into the edge of the communal table (H-E-L-L to the NO!).
    We opted to wait for the bar stools instead.
   With minimal selections, we nibble on some chickpea fritters and meatballs before scarfing down our Moroccan lambs sandwich and hot dogs.
    Nothing spectacular about the food when all you're given was some pickles and potato chips to go along with your meal.
     I'm not looking to return to this place but maybe one day along the line.
    In fairness, their service was on point and friendly.
   Solid food, great atmosphere and interesting beer list.
    The pretzel is a must.
    Sausages are good.
    Fried chicken is good.
    Totally worth while.
    Though I dig it it's not a place that's like a total package for me meaning I would suggest it, but I wouldn't go outta my way to go there.
    It is for sure one of the better spots in that few block radius - not that there are many.
   Went "cheap" with the Corn Dog ($8) and asked for a recommendation for the 3 small Charcuterie items.
    The waitress recommended the Pork Terrine ($6).
   The terrine comes with toasted slices of Barkada baguette, whole grain mustard, pickle, and olive (yelp.
   com/biz_photos/the-…).
    Despite having visible herbs it was pretty bland on it's own and definitely needed the mustard (yelp.
   com/biz_photos/the-…).
   The Corn Dog was superb.
    It's huge and served with lard-y chips, pickles, ketchup and yellow mustard (yelp.
   com/biz_photos/the-…).
    Strong smokey flavor from the hot dog.
    The chips were all crisp, an improvement from my last visit.
   They need to beef up the little skewer you can see on the left side of my picture.
    I first picked the corn dog up with that and it immediately bent and cracked under the weight of the corn dog.
   Went to check this place out.
    Food was okay but service was bad.
   Duck was dry.
    Nothing special about the fried chicken.
    Meatballs were great!!But our server, maybe she was having a bad day, but really inattentive.
     She never came and checked in if I wanted another beer.
    When taking our order she literally left before my friend placed his order.
    She took my order then turned around and left as he was about to place his order.
    He had to track her down and give her his order.
    And she never returned to check how our meals were.
    It became comical but she was not a good server.
    I wasn't impressed enough to return.
    Think it's a lot of hype.
   Here's the thing: the food is sadly only 2-2 and a half stars, but the excellent service bumps it up to three stars.
    1) the fried chicken was covered in gravy.
    Like too much and took away from the crispness.
    No flavor to the batter really and kinda bland.
    Meh.
    2) the corn dog- gf got it and I tried.
    Also just not as good as it looked.
    3) fried pickle appetizers were solid though.
    4) great beer selection I will confirm.
   I was sooo excited to try HA.
   I'm so disappointed that our experience left us irritated &amp; disgusted.
    There was literally 4 other patrons there when we walked in at 5:25pm.
   at 5:30 dinner started &amp; 5 more parties walked in.
   we got outta there at 6pm with NO food order since EVERYONE got service before we did.
    I was appalled no one even stopped by to check how we were doing with our beer that was ordered at the bar.
     Funny enough there was a black guy at the bar that was there before we got there that no one was checking on either!!!! The food smelled so good but they weren't getting another cent from me.
   they went outta their way to avoid making eye contact.
     Make sure you look hipster enough if you want any service from Hog's.
   you just messed with the wrong ONE!.
   Super yummi y'all! Best fired chicken I ever had (albeit probably the smallest portion).
    Their Wiener schnitzel was incredible and I'll be back.
   This place has an incredible beer list.
    The beer selector knows their stuff.
    Always delicious.
    I live fairly close to this spot so I frequent this place.
    Hogs does not have anything I eat ( because I'm vegan) but the service, ant the staff are great, so I come anyways.
    My man loves their sausages and I just like the place.
    Good beer and great staff and I like the design of the place.
   Was looking forward to trying this place as I like beer and pork, and it's within walking distance to my home.
     Came with a small  group on a very quiet night (maybe 6 or 7 customers besides us), but was underwhelmed.
    Had a good beer and intended to eat, but was put off by the service.
    Example: When I asked the guy behind the bar if a certain beer was good, rather than a friendly "Yes", and maybe describing it, he just dryly said "Define good".
     Really? You're gonna just throw it back at the customer with two words to prove how cool and indifferent you are?More than one examples of dickish attitude meant we left after one beer each, and a tab that was less than 1/5 of what was likely as we intended to stay for more beers and dinner, but I guess they "won" because they seemed intent on not making us feel welcome and they achieved it.
   In the Yelp listing, it says "Ambience: Hipster" and that's accurate.
     Judging from the snarky/snotty service, it seems they Hog's Apothecary thinks that's a compliment.
    In my experience, even hipsters don't like to think of themselves as such.
    (Are there really people out there who say, "Hipster? I'm there!")This place needs to get over itself and act like they're happy you're there.
     The fact that they don't bother to respond to their Yelp reviews seems to be another example of them thinking they're too cool to care.
   When you see the word "apothecary" in their name, you just know it's gonna be hipster.
     So much so, that I kept feeling like I was in a Portland joint.
     Maybe it was the drizzle outside, maybe the multiple sightings of flannels and beards, whatever it may be, I was down with it.
     This place is simple yet legit.
     A new American Beer Hall is how they deem themselves and I like it.
   Started with a black beer mixed with pinot noir from Moonlight in Santa Rosa and it was super unique.
     Not bad but not something I would want multiples of.
     You can definitely taste the wine.
     Noshed on their bar ready *spicy* pork cracklings and they were incredibly light and sticky on the tooth.
     And spicy was a bit of an understatement, it stung like a mutha.
     I suppose they want you to order another beer.
   A salad of tender butter lettuce, chopped beets, hipster rainbow radishes and a nice blue cheese dressing is a nice starter.
     At $10 it is quite spittable.
   Zsa Zsa $14 is an amazing sausage sandwich.
     A Hungarian style which is like a kielbasa on steroids.
     Don't know if they make their own sausage but this was one helluva meat specimen in tube form.
     It was incredibly juicy and flavorful.
     Unique toasted bread, a fresh herb/oil spread and thick cut potato chips.
    Oh I'd grow a hipster beard for this if I could, but I can't, so darn it to hell.
   Hanger Steak $26 was spot on bistro fare.
     Tender bloody meat, blue cheese sauce, sautéed greens and potato gratin.
     Very assertive flavors and if you love beef, this will not disappoint.
     Only thing was it came out lukewarm and within a minute it was basically cold.
     But now with a dry hopped steam beer from Petaluma, all was good.
   Like the hood, like the brews, like the staff and like the food.
     What's not to like?!  This place is a total score.
   I am adding an update because I received a note from one of the other bartenders that I have never experienced and he told me to come back when he was working and apologized for the bad experience I had.
   I stopped in late for an after climbing beer and saw that he was behind the bar so I went in.
    I ordered a delicious beer, drank my beer and went on my way.
   I was impressed and very pleased by his service and have gone back twice when I see he is working.
    He is definitely the gem of that place and like going in for a late night beer when he is working!.
   The beer selection is excellent.
     The food, unfortunately, is mediocre and overpriced.
     I'd be there more often if the waiters weren't so snotty and on top of you.
     They'll get very pissy if you don't order food, even if it's early evening and the place is barely half full.
   I want to love this place.
    I live a block away away and I want to come, all the time, and to love it.
    However, due to the poor service I've received on more than one occasion and the clear lack of vegetarian/vegan options I feel forced to give a less than satisfactory review.
    I'm usually fine with ordering the hot pretzel, which to be fair is awesome, and having one (or two or three) of the amazing beers available, and call it an excellent night.
    However, on more than one occasion, I've experienced snobby and/or snarky service, which I find quite uncool (I've worked in customer service for over 20 years and know what it's like to give and receive genuinely warm, welcoming, and helpful service).
   I'll start with the good-often times I've had great servers who were attentive, polite, and top-notch.
    I've had numerous fantastic beers and beer suggestions and a handful of excellent salads and desserts.
    However, more than once I've come across employees who were were way less than helpful, and at times, snarky.
    Boo.
   Me on a Friday night around 6pm: "Hi, I'd love to grab a quick drink"Hostess (with warmth of of a rock): "There's no room at the bar.
   "Me: "Oh, see there's a spot by the window, can I take that [which they let me have any other night of the week]?"Hostess: "Some people are waiting for those.
   "Ok, I can't have a quick beer in the meantime? You can't say in a friendly tone, 'you're welcome to wait until something opens up.
   ?'Frustrated, I left and decided to go across town where I felt more welcome.
    I drove by about 15 minutes later (on my way to said place a cross town), and there was still no one in the seat I had asked for (I could see from the huge windows) Glad you keep it for them! (I would have been done, paid, and and out of the seat by then).
   My next experience: on a Sunday night in which I sit at the bar then ask the bartender if any of the sides are vegetarian.
    His reply: "Have you seen the name of this place? We can always make you a vegetarian plate if you wish.
   " Thanks, but why the need for a snarky opening? I could reply, and did: you are a business in vey hipster neighborhood full of vegans and vegetarians.
    It's unfortunate that you're not more friendly to those diets.
    He has the audacity to debate with me, which is when I start writing this review.
   On a positive note, when I'm done with my beer the seemingly manager apologizes for any negativity and offers to pay for me beer.
    Thanks buddy! You've kept the door open for another chance.
   Give 'en a try if you're there for a full, non-vegetarian dinner.
    You may really like it! And, if they shape up a bit and tune in to their local clientele and the general requests of their customers, I'll be back on a regular basis.
   Great service and awesome food.
    Have to admit that I was a bit weary going here with all the reviews about too cool for school hipster servers and I am happy to report that hipster is the only true adjective.
   We were a group of five plus one baby and they were very accomodating, making sure that we had the right spot where the kiddo wouldn't be knocked over.
   Food was delicious.
    We scarfed down the soft pretzels.
     Fried chicken was good but not amazing.
    True to the name, anything with a casing is worth ordering and order one of everything!.
   I think the food is outstanding.
     I have been known to be a less than adventurous eater so i must point out that everything I have had has had me in awe.
     Love love the always rotating, fresh craft brew selection and they have a couple wines that are de-lish as well as a sparkling for those not into beer.
   I must comment on the 2 star review:  You went to an establishment practically named "pork incorporated" and were surprised at the lack of vegetarian options?  And they preceded to tell you they are always happy to make a vegetarian friendly dish on order (I've overheard them offer this to people and thought that was very accommodating!) and you are still less than thrilled with their service?  And if the local clientele is not being represented with such an establishment, then why are they packed regularly and why did another butchery restaurant open just up the block?.
   Finally had a chance to try this place out as I don't live in the area.
    What a gem! We tried several items on the menu and all to a dish were superbly thought out, created, plated and delicious.
     My favorite by far was the charcuterie .
    all made in house of course.
   Beyond the food, the beer list is extensive and eclectic.
     From what the owners said, constantly rotating as well so I'd encourage frequent visits to sample them all of course.
    They also work directly with breweries rather than through distributors when possible so you know care is taken regarding freshness.
    If I lived closer, I'd own a "mug".
   And the atmosphere! Warm.
    Inviting.
    Family friendly.
    Not too loud but still fun and great for groups.
     The staff was very service oriented and the chef/owner is constantly circulating the room and ensuring everyone has a fantastic experience.
   The rapini here is arugalized in-house, and their delicious pea tendrils are wilted to order.
    Don't forget to slather the Yemeni skhug on your quatre epices for that extra kick of flavor.
   Tl;dr: the menu is unrelentingly pretentious, and using inductive reasoning, my party determined all hot dogs are indistinguishable from one another.
   The Hog's .
    .
    .
    .
   is a nice addition to the flourishing Beer Garden trend that is finally catching up to the rest of the USA.
     Yet this one the lacks the actual outdoor experience one would expect of a traditional Beer Garden.
     Nevertheless, there are many things to like about this one.
     Well, of course the beer selections are very satisfactory ranging from imports and domestics on tap.
     The food delights wells especially the Terrines or the Hogs Head Cheese and and the Charcuteries.
     Nothing too extraordinary here, but the mains and started complement the beer selection nicely.
     However, avoid the mostly unsparing sides like the Brussels sprouts,  etc.
     More time was put into describing them than preparing them, so theylive on this menu as an afterthought.
     The atmosphere is rustic, modern and pleasing ,but it hard to have a conversation here at the larger tables where you nearly have to yell to be hard.
     So if you want something quieter and more chatty, sit by the windows.
   Good food, great service, but this place is so incredibly overpriced.
     $27 for two tiny pieces of fried chicken.
     $16 for a tiny salad?  Totally ridiculous.
     But delicious.
   I'm from San Diego and this is my second visit to the Hog.
     Both times I have had an exceptional time!!  The customer service and beer selection are outstanding.
     The first time I was there Nicole took great care of this out-of-towner and I knew I had to go back.
     Megan in the bar was super awesome and she really knew her beer.
     She paired me up with a great beer that I probably couldn't have picked of myself.
     After that, Marie, Alice and Christy took over and things were consistently great from there.
     The rainbow heirloom was too good to describe in words, so you might want to go down there in person and try it for yourself.
     Every time I'm in Oakland Im stopping by for sure.
     Thanks for the extra Burrata guys!!  Keep up the good work!!.
   Returned for breakfast and was thrilled to see the Benedict back on the menu, this time with pastrami.
    Combined with the schmaltzy potatoes it is just amazing.
    And as previously mentioned the iced coffee is delicious, and you can't go wrong with a pitcher of mimosas with fresh squeezed OJ.
   service was ridiculously slow! I swear there was one.
    MAYBE two people working and the place was packed! I had the corn dog and I like mustard but that stuff was gross, wayy to spicyoverall just not my kind of restaurant i would recommend going just for a beer due to the large selection but the service would keep from going even for that.
   This is my friend's favorite spot so we've eaten here 3 times in the last two weeks and a dozen, or more, times over the last 4 months.
     The host and servers are always helpful, knowledgable and accommodating.
     They make most everything in house, so they can tell you about all of the ingredients.
      This has been super helpful over the last few weeks because I'm doing the Whole30 diet that requires I not partake in a whole host of ingredients (including no added sugar to anything).
     I've had the same super awesome server the last 3 times.
     She knows what I need and has been incredibly accommodating and helpful in working with the kitchen to help me eat there.
    My friend enjoys trying different beers and every server we've had has happily help him choose the best bear to go with his meal.
     I'm don't drinker beer but they've even helped me find one or two that I like (before I was doing the Whole30).
   If you're looking for friendly service, good solid food and a great beer selection this is a place you should try.
   Beer selection can't be beat, and a knowledgeable staff to guide you thru it.
     Menu is meat heavy as expected, and isn't approachable for everyone.
     However the flavors are incredible and every meal I've had there has been delicious.
     Great location for MacArthur BART and I'll be back soon.
   The food is amazing.
    Large hearty portions, really tasty and comforting.
    Great selection of beer.
    The service however has room for improvement - can never seem to catch the eye of the one server on the floor at 7pm on a Sunday (who whisked away our water bottle in an attempt to refill it, then forgot to return it until we flagged her down to ask about the bottle's whereabouts).
    The squirrely host is no help either - eyes only looking at the silverware he was setting down.
   Have now been to Hog's 3 times, and I have been beyond impressed every time.
    My fancy beer friends are always stoked with the selection of beers on tap.
    Being more of a wine girl, I really like that selection is as well.
    Food was DELISH! The summer gems salad was fresh and tasty time.
    The heirloom tomatoes were also super tasty, and the Italian Sausage KILLED IT.
    Go to Hogs, go now.
   Got there for a reservation at 7:30 pm were seated at 8:20pCouldn't hear or think beyond the noise and music.
   Fish dish was dry  and bland.
   Man, this place is awesome!! I came here for the first time a couple days ago and just had to go back last night.
    I found out about the Hog when I decided to Yelp for corn dog places around the bay.
    When this place popped up, I bookmarked it and knew that this place was going to be a winner (have you SEEN the pictures of that sucker?!).
    Located on the corner of Shafter and 40th about a block away from Homeroom, this place is a great location for a quick dinner or to catch up with some friends.
    During the visits, my girlfriend and I got to try their kielbasa ("Who's your Basa?"), corn dog, roasted peppers, and delicious as all-hell potato chips (that are fried in their own pig lard! Yes!!).
    The Hog has a hefty beer collection on tap with relatively lesser-known breweries.
    We met up with a friend and all got to try an IPA with wild rice, imperial IPA, several saisons and a couple of stouts.
    I don't recall the exact number of beers that they have on tap, but it's a very impressive number considering some places in the area only serve up about 10.
   If you're coming here for dinner, make sure to either make reservations or be prepared to just sit at the bar, which really isn't bad.
    The music here is BITCHIN, so prepare to eat good food, drink tasty beer, and groove to some dope music.
   Look, I know that as a vegetarian in a place called "Hog's Apothecary" (or "Hog's" anything else for that matter), I have little right to complain about a lack of food options not made from a pig.
     So I'll only note here that if you are a vegetarian (or keep Kosher or Halal), you are not going to find food here for you.
   We only came here for beer anyway, so I'm not holding it against them.
   The ambiance here is cool-- very Oakland hip.
     Lots of beer options, so, there's that.
     Greeter and server and person who finally brought our beers were very nice.
   But I was not that impressed with the beer we had in 2 different flights (so that's 6 different beers--multiple opportunities for good beer), and it took 15 minutes for someone to come get our drink order once we had sat down.
     We actually gave up we were sitting there so long and finally just went to the bar to order there.
     The place isn't that big and didn't have that many people, but it seems like they didn't have enough servers for the space, and so our nice server lady badly neglected us.
     It's two stars for me on this not because it's a bad place in and of itself but because for Oakland, it's a definite "Meh.
    I've experienced better.
   "  It definitely did not live up to the hype; neither, for me, did it live up to comparisons/experiences/and-mainly-the-beer of Beer Revolution or The Trappist.
   But I'm going to guess that if you like pork with random potentially-not-great-beer that this place is going to be the bee's knees for you.
     Or the pork knees, as it were.
   If you are a beer lover and find yourself in the area, I would definitely recommend stopping in here.
    The extensive (mostly local) draft beer list is impressive and is varied enough to keep the whole group happy.
    Our group of 4 started standing by the window while we waited for some seating to open up.
    We then sat at one of the large shared tables in the middle of the restaurant, where we shared a couple bits/starters and two of the house sausages (which are huge).
    Great/lively ambiance!.
   Sorry guys! Have always loved the food and amazing draft list but.
    Chill out on the rules.
    The last three times we've been there our experience has been soured by weird overstepping of bar/seating arrangements.
    I've invited multiple guests who've felt snubbed by this.
    I.
   e.
    tonight for my birthday after work our table was approached and I was told we were expected to spend more money on food not just drinks and would have been sat somewhere different.
    This was an odd and somewhat rude admission in light of each person ordering over $30 in drinks.
    I appreciate the attempt to keep the most efficient flow going through the restaurant but the second your patrons feel like pigs led through a feeding trough, you've lost an opportunity.
   I don't drink beer often but I had a fun time experimenting with the beer menu and having our waitress pick out drinks for me based on my preferences.
     The Harlot (a Belgian pale ale) was my favorite, and given that I overheard a few other parties ordering it, my sense is that it's a pretty popular choice.
   I enjoyed everything we ordered (pork cracklins, meatballs, summer bean ragout and mixed grill) except for the corn dog.
     The hot dog tasted overly smokey and burnt to the point where I couldn't really taste the cornbread.
     This was highly disappointing because I love corn dogs, but I still recommend coming here for the other dishes, beer selection and attentive service.
   After a rocky first visit (nothing to do with the food), I'm now a HUGE HOG FAN.
    The cod fritters were delicious.
    The fried chicken rocked our world.
    Service was charming and I really appreciated the owners reaching out.
    They've totally solved any service problem they had.
   Food:Spicy Pork Cracklin's - Don't get it, it's not very good.
     It doesn't taste like "real" cracklins.
   Belgian-Braised Pork Shoulder - This is a winner.
     For $27, you make the value proposition on this one.
   Choucroute Garnie - It's exactly what it is albeit I was expecting more meat.
     I think there were 4 meat selections and more saurkraut.
     A great plus is that one of the meats is their duck, which is DELISH!  If I compare it to others that I've tried, this lands on the bottom somewhere (That just means I've experienced tons of kick-ass Choucroute Garnie in my life).
   Beer:Yeast and Hops Flights - All good.
     This place has a great selection of beers and if they curate it as they described, extra kudos.
   Lowdown:I'll probably go back for the beer and the ambiance.
     The food and area, not so much.
     I would be here often if I lived in the neighborhood, that's how much I liked my experience.
     Some people will say that the food is over-priced, I can see that argument.
   Recommendation:MAKE A RESERVATION.
   Love the ambience annnnd it's in my 'hood.
    I'm going in a hike tomorrow so I wanted something hefty even though I am currently sans meat.
    So I ordered the Gem &amp; Jewels salad along with the Soft Pretzel.
    Sooooooo good.
    Omg, this salad.
    For reals.
    Not playing.
    The softness of gem lettuce, the sweetness of the persimmon, the tang of the pomegranate cut with the slight acidic tang of the crème fraiche dressing.
    but y'all don't hear me though.
    I'm sure many have waxed poetic about the pretzel so I'll just say, order it.
    Their beer menu is extensive and the staff is very welcoming.
   I ordered one of the sausage combos and it was awesome.
    The sausage was made and cooked perfectly, and the fixings, while not terribly appetizing to look at, were perfect along with the bun.
    The beer selection is great and I can always find something new to try.
    Despite being busy, service was quick on everything and the manager was also helping out and very responsive.
   I love this place.
    Their detail to their house made food,  fine local beers and wine is amazing.
    The corn dog is the best you'll ever have.
    It gets busy and some might say somewhat pricey, but well worth all of it! I've been here several times since they've opened and am always impressed.
    Thank goodness for fine food in Oakland!PS- they just started doing take-out; I cannot wait to eat a corn dog in bed.
    Yum.
   This is a cool hipster place - love the vibe here.
     If you like beer, it is a must.
     I am not a drinker but friends enjoyed it here.
     The hostess was very friendly to the wait staff.
     This is a place to share food and chat with friends.
     It does get kinda loud in here and you need to raise your voice to talk at times.
     The food is good.
   we shared 2 sampler appetizer plate and an entree.
     It was a good taste of all kinds of pork.
     The portions were good.
   not too small and too overly large.
   good size.
     The prices are decent.
     It is nice to have a gastropub in temescal area.
     With home run down the block and blue bottle opening near by, I am glad this neighborhood is up and coming with great eats.
   This is an awesome place for beer lovers - they just have an amazing selection of local beers on tap.
    They also have a selection of ciders, which I tend to order.
    Usually you can grab a seat at the communal tables, but you can also make reservations if you have a bigger party.
    I've found the food to be a little disappointing, with very few options for vegetarians be warned!.
   If you are driving to the neighborhood, do NOT leave anything in your car.
    No bags, no cell phone chargers.
     Your car WILL be broken into, and you will not get your stuff back.
   Okay, I swear, it took me a while to choose between 3 or 4 stars - I've seriously been going back and forth for about 5 minutes now! We ordered the mixed grill - I believe it was a mix of 3 different meats (a piece of sausage, pork belly/thickest bacon slab I ever seeeen) and a half of a small tiny bird (I think Cornish game hen??).
   anyways! 'twas delicious and utterly satisfying.
    Full of flavor and goes so gooood with the beer!OH YEAH.
   the beer.
    that's a whole separate story guys.
    this place has a FAT list of brewery-direct beers on tap.
    they are hand-selected and have a variety from all over the west coast.
    In addition, they're pretty knowledgeable on the beers they offer, so when in doubt, just ask for a suggestion.
    Now.
   the reason I gave 3 stars.
   the pricing.
    I mean.
   really, for a small ramekin of basically what we Americans know as "Corn Nuts" you're gonna charge $3 for less than a handful? AND.
   they're way too hard to chew, they might be better off sticking in a sling-shot and letting a kid have some fun.
    $6 for a regular pretzel.
    The plate we got, Mixed Grill.
   small tiny portions.
   was wrong for 2 of us to share, but THAT small plate was $28 :/  yikes.
   Another reason for not giving 4 stars was the attitude of the staff - mostly the hostess, the guys at the tap, and our specific server.
   so I guess that's the majority.
    they had this attitude that came off as if they were "too cool" or "too hipster" to help out and serve normal people coming from work that just want a good bite and beer.
    definitely felt like they're only welcoming to a certain and specific type of crowd.
   guess you need tats, an old leather jacket and a septum piercing to get the thumbs up for them.
    it's a shame, because I would've gone back for their food and beer selection.
   probably on a pay day since its kinda pricey , HAH!.
   Went by again for an early dinner on Sunday.
    No wait right at 5pm, but it seemed to get crowded around 5:45pm.
   This time we had a chance to sample more of the menu and I have to say that I was actually really surprised at how good the food was! I was prepared to support this place based on the fact that it serves good beer and is within walking distance of where I live, but now I can legit say it is worth seeking out.
   We had:- charcuterie sampler of pork rillettes, liver mousse, trotter terrine ($13 for the sampler of three).
    Quality: B+, Adesso is way better.
    Quantity: B, too much of the sides, not quite enough of the main bits, but for $13, it was alright- frisee and arugula salad with grilled peaches and humboldt fog toast ($8 I think?).
    Quality: A+, this was perfectly balanced and well-seasoned and the peaches were ripe and sweet.
    Quantity: B, the toast was kinda ridiculously thinly spread with cheese- rabbit &amp; pork belly salad with onion stuff and herb stuff on it, it came with chips and pickles ($14).
    Quality: A+++++ the sausage was incredible.
    I was really blown away by how good it was.
    Served on a nice soft roll that seemed a bit pretzel-like.
    I've eaten at Rosamunde countless times and I have to say, this sausage blows theirs out of the park.
    Seems like maybe they've addressed the "okra slime" issue for the pickled veggie side because I saw no okra and no slime.
    Quantity: B+ the sausage was decently sized but still for the price.
    B+- side of cheddar grits ($6) Quality: A+ hi I love butter cream and cheese.
    yummmmmm Quantity: B.
    come on.
    it's grits.
    you could give us more than 1.
   25 cups for $6.
   I've been here three times.
    Loved it the first two, really disliked it the last.
     They've changed the menu: they used to have a great salad ("visions of spring") which still shows up on their online menu but was no longer on offer last Saturday.
     The salad I had (which was basically the only option) called the "green machine" was a salty, gloppy mess.
     And worst of all, they "ran out" of the soft pretzels, which was 90 percent of our reason for being there.
    At 8 p.
   m.
    on a Saturday night - really??? Our less than helpful server offered us nothing as substitute (some of the potato chips that came with the dinner the people next to us had would have been good to satisfy the salty craving, but we didn't know about them).
     And our platter of three different salumi only had two.
     I guess they "ran out" of the third variety.
     Finally, our "medium rare" ribeye was raw: presumably they "ran out" of time to cook it properly.
   We love Hog's Apothecary- relaxed local vibe- great beer and cider selection - I LOVE the Graviva personally - their albeit more limited wine selection works even with their focus on draft and craft beer- food is sophisticated, interesting and the menu is always changing- service is always top notch - friendly and knowledgeable - they now have added brunch which is awesome :)- to date we have always been able to walk in and get seated - we make reservations about 50% of the time as it can get busy for dinner even early in the dining hour.
   The beer selection is great and fairly priced but the food selection is not.
    Well developed flavor with tragically pretentious ingredients.
    It is exactly what you should expect from a hipster joint in piedmont, $23 for a pork chop.
    The meatballs were the best thing on the table.
    Bring your horn rimmed glasses.
   Great beer.
    The staff is very knowledgeable and all I need to tell them is a type of beer I like and they find the perfect match for me.
     Love this place.
    I have not tried the food yet.
   I tried Hog's Apothecary for the second time.
     The food is very good but the service just horrible.
     I arrive famished on Sunday.
     Ordered the Clubber.
     Food arrived about 30 minutes later and the waitress once again quickly disappeared after dropping off the food.
      No apology or acknowledgment on the long time to deliver the food.
     No, "Can I get you anything else?"  No follow up with, "Is everything ok?"   Poof - gone.
     She delivered the wrong sandwich to me, though my partner's was correct.
     Horrible.
     It's such a shame since the food and beer is pretty good here, but not good enough to overshadow the down right poor, indifferent service.
     Sorry, not going back.
   When going to the restaurant of a friend for the first time, one prepares themselves to be polite, offering words of praise out of the sense of duty that comes with being friends.
     We caution ourselves not to be harsh or critical and generally keep any negatives quiet.
     After all, they are our friends and we'd expect the same.
   Thank goodness I don't have to keep the negatives to myself.
     as I couldn't find any.
     In fact, to say I was impressed would be an understatement.
   Brad and John have taken what once was a dilapidated laundromat with a seedy past and created a neighborhood gathering spot that is open, airy and inviting.
     I was at first slightly put off by the long tables and benches, as I generally prefer not to share my table with people I don't know, but I came to realize that it promotes conversation between strangers and contributes to the neighborhood feel.
     While the dining area is not huge, the high ceiling with exposed beams and open air skylight make it feel much larger.
     "Hog's" boasts more taps than I could get through in a week.
     They have beers on tap to appeal to any beer drinker.
     They also cycle beers in and out to keep the selections new and inviting.
     Now.
    on to the food itself.
     We started out with the warm pretzel for two with cheese sauce and mustard.
    ( One thing you must know before I go further.
     Nearly everything you eat is made in house.
     The mustard, the cheese, the sausage, the kraut.
     the exceptions being the buns and, if memory serves, the pretzel itself.
    )  The pretzel was hot and delicious.
     The house made mustard and cheese sauce were the perfect compliment.
     There's just no comparison between jar mustard and mustard made fresh that day.
     For my entree I ordered the schnitzel.
     It's really easy to overcook pork and make it dry.
     Not the case here.
     The breading was light, the pork juicy and while I used my knife at first, I ended up using just my fork as it was so tender.
     The arugula and warm potato salad only served to enhance the succulent pork.
     My dining companions ordered the 'Basa' with kraut and the Devil Bird fried chicken.
     I was raised by a German mother who made ( and at 70 still makes ) her own kraut.
    As much as I cannot believe I am saying this, ( Sorry, Mom ) the kraut at Hog's is better.
     especially thrown on top of a juicy and savory sausage with just the right pop from the casing.
     ( Sorry, Mom ) The chicken was juicy and full of flavor, but it's the breading that really takes it over the top.
     It's hard to describe, but there's a slight sweetness to it that, to me, was reminiscent of that first bite of a churro or a Krispy Kreme that immediately makes you want another bite.
     It's difficult NOT to want to clean your plate.
   I do have one regret.
     Only one.
     I didn't try dessert.
     We all surveyed the dessert menu, but after a great beer and amazing food there was just no room.
   I know I am a friend and friends tend to be biased so I encourage you to read other reviews.
     Aside from the small contingent of nay-sayers you will find that the overall rating of 4/5 stars is well earned and well deserved.
     It's worth checking out.
   A little spendy for what you get, but everything we had was great and the atmosphere and service was wonderful.
   We've visited Hog's a few times now.
     Every single time, we've received amazing food and exceptional service.
     We've left with happy bellies and smiles on our faces.
   The food was great, as were the beers.
     Unfortunately, the service was slow.
     Our server was new, and not super attentive or knowledgeable about the menu.
     Hopefully she'll hit her stride.
   I guess my main issue with this place is that it is not what I expected.
     They bill themselves as an "American Beer Hall", which to me means:- A large craft beer selection (check)- A good, informal place to gather with friends (nope-though the potential is there)- Maybe some inexpensive pub style food.
     However, when you walk inside, you are greeted by a hostess and added to the list for a seat at one of their community tables or bar stools along the window counters.
     The food is VERY EXPENSIVE for what it is, and the staff projects a major restaurant vibe, but the atmosphere is that of a bar.
   I'm really not sure what is going on here but its not at all what I expected.
   For about a year I anticipated their opening and ended up there on the first night they were open to the public.
     I've been back a few times, and it only seems to have become more restaurant-y.
     One positive thing to say, the beer selection is excellent and the price is right for draft beers.
     That said, It's not easy to get in for just a few beers (especially for more than 1-3 people), so I have ended up passing it up when going out with friends even though I live 3 blocks away.
   I really hope that Hog's will make up its mind, are you an up-scale restaurant or are you a beer hall? Right now you are somewhere in-between and it just isn't working for my demographic at all.
   If you're looking for a spot with tons of (mostly) local beers on tap, this is a great spot to visit.
    Death and Taxes is my favorite beer they have.
    They also have a small selection of wines if beer isn't your thing.
    The Grilled Greens starter I had there was meh.
    It was way too salty for me.
    I wouldn't recommend it.
    However, I heard the corn dog is amazing, i will have to try it next time I'm there.
    The Devilbird (fried chicken on top of some spicy garbanzo beans with chili oil) OMG.
    So delicious and perfectly spicy.
    So buttermilky and crispy! I love the fried chicken there.
    It never disappoints.
    Service is great there, I've never had any issues with the staff whatsoever.
    They're always nice and prompt! Also: be prepared to get a little cozy with other patrons, the seating is picnic table style.
   Great beer selection, corn dog and hot dog were ok but made in house.
    pate, rillette were on point.
    would def come back for some beer and pate.
   Kinda shocking to read reviews about how snobby the wait staff was, I found the service to be very friendly and helpful.
    As for the food and beer - YUM.
    The food was so flavorful, with fresh herbs and the sauce on the pork chops was unbelievable.
    Loved it so much, we asked the waitress if we could have some bread so we could sop up every ounce, because yes, we are hogs.
    The kitchen specially prepared some toast for us so we could lick the plate clean.
    The beer selection was good, the menu described the brews well and I was pleased with my selection.
    The interior is pretty cool, but can get loud.
    Looking forward to returning.
   If I could give this place more than 5 stars I would! There food and beer is fantastic! They have an industrial feel to them and sure its a hipster joint but that doesn't detract from the delicious food and beer!Recommendations: 1.
    Butchers coffer.
    Get all three, every time.
    Its worth it2.
    Lil Salty3.
    Any of their sausagesBeer: 1.
    The Butcher 2.
    Tunnel VisionGreat Job guys.
   Only tried the beers here so I can't comment on food.
    There was a great variety of drinks and the bartender was so nice to let me try several until I found a beer I was satisfied with.
    Sucks that its so hard to find a seat here, it seems like they could better maximize their space.
    Also the lighting in here was so dark.
    But overall, another trendy restaurant to hang out with friends.
   I'm a little biased since it's right up my street, but Hog's is a pretty special place.
    The rotating taps, solid food, and ambiance are great.
    Tried their brunch for the first time yesterday and was pleasantly surprised.
    Had the pork belly/beef burger and apothecary benedict at our table and both were very tasty.
    They also were open to showing the football game our group wanted to watch.
    Overall, a solid four stars, and my go-to neighborhood bar.
    Much, much better reason to come to 40th Street than Homeroom.
   Hot damn.
     We came here for their soft opening, and we've been coming here regularly ever since.
     The food: fantastic, inventive, and there's always something new.
     It tends to be heavy fare (even the vegetable sides and salads, which will frequently have an egg or lardons), but it's always delicious.
     We've tried things from every section of their menu and have never been disappointed (well, I didn't like their collards, but I'm from Kentucky.
     The kale, on the other hand, is always amazing).
   The beer: excellent selection of mostly local breweries.
     They generally have good prices ($5-$6, though watch out for the expensive Rare Barrel offerings), as well as a nice balance of beer styles, ranging from pilsners to Belgian Quadrupels, and thankfully not too many IPAs.
   The service: we've had one or two servers who weren't on the ball, but the regular staff is fabulous, friendly, and knowledgeable about their beers.
     I love that the owners are typically around, pitching in.
     They're really friendly if you get the chance to talk to them.
   The cons?  It can get loud at times, but that shouldn't be an issue if you go earlier in the evening.
     But that's a pretty minor drawback when everything else is so good.
   Just.
    meh.
    Pros: Big beer selectionInteresting menuCool vibeDecent foodCons:HORRIBLE service (waited 2 hours)Overpriced for what you getLoudI wouldn't go back.
    It definitely wasn't worth the $90+ dollars my husband I spent on a few drinks, an appetizer, and one entree.
   I LOVE the food and the beer list at Hog's.
    The service has always been good to above average in terms of speed, attentiveness and product knowledge.
    The house made sausages are great, the schnitzel great, the fried chicken so plump and juicy.
    The beer list has many styles from many great big and small California craft breweries.
    I would say there beer list rivals any beer hall in Oakland including the Good Hop, Beer Rev and Cato's.
    HOWEVER, they were spendy, $14 for a bratwurst, when I first started going there 1 year ago and now they are $17.
    They are served with  some homemade chips and a small pile of pickled veggies.
    Hog's like everything else in "up and coming" Oakland is darned expensive for modest portions.
    Beers have gone up $2/pint as well.
     I get they have high rent, need to pay employees a living wage and nothing is getting cheaper but my sense is these trendy dining houses are going for it because their clientele will pay whatever they try to charge at a cool place.
    I'll miss you, Hogs, but $17 bucks for a fancy hot dog and $7.
   50 for a pint of IPA isn't a good value.
    4 stars for beer and food, 4 stars for service and atmosphere, 2 stars for value.
    Average 3 stars.
   Hip neighborhood joint, with the usual trendy, expensive spin.
    I did enjoy the food, (yum!), and the beer, (good beer menu selection).
    I'd give the place 4 stars, but the value is lacking.
    $23.
   47 for a beer ($5.
   50), a side of bacon ($6?!) and a Brussel Sprout salad with bacon bits &amp; one egg ($10?!).
    It's too expensive to make it a regular stop.
   My friends and I had a good time.
    I'd go back.
   Awesome if you like beer, which we do.
    Also, beer + meat = amazing.
    Get the meatballs.
    Nice atmosphere, a beer hall, kinda romantical, actually.
    Bummer? The service.
    Awkward, lackluster.
     Although the server didn't really eat meat, they also didn't seem interested in the food or beer.
    No recommendations or knowledge about either.
    Which is fine - I believe I was far more excited, and we can both ride that wave.
    Also, the hostess was strange.
    If I worked there I'd own it  - its easy to make service industry customers who came to get drunk and spend money happy.
     At least at my job it is.
    This place has so much potential - can you imagine if the service was at the very least  - engaging? It has a casual vibe, but once you see the prices you'll be looking for some engagement, I promise you.
    Some other random cute staff would come by and be nice and fill water and I was grateful.
    The beer float is small, but very good.
   super excited about this addition to the 40th/broadway area.
    the service, the foods, the beer selection(!), the ambiance, the space, everything gets an A+!we got sat along the bar that is built around the perimeter of the pub, facing out onto 40th, and we had no complaints.
    our server was so on top of it, it actually took me by surprise.
    I'm just not used to someone checking in every 10 minutes, but this is what we experienced.
    we were not of want of anything.
    from water to new beers, she was there to make sure we had what we needed.
    and the place was packed.
    other highlights - the house made pretzels.
    GET ONE.
    the music was perfect, not too loud, but just loud enough that I picked up on one of my fave bands of all time - pavement, then some sonic youth, plus some other 90's-ish indie rock that I was definitely digging.
    parking as others have mentioned is a breeze.
    and it's also just a block or two down from the local record shop (1,2,3,4 go records), the cool mens shop - Pine &amp; Elder, etc.
    so you can get your shop on beforehand if you so choose.
    finally, I just need to add that I was more than just a little excited about their beer offerings.
    and I'm not even a huge beer drinker.
    the two that I tried - a dark chocolatey number  (coffee &amp; cigarettes by CellarMaker) and a local herbal beer that came recommended (a style I never even knew existed but one that I'm kinda dying to sample again!) completely blew me away.
    this is the stuff I expect from a beer institution like Trappist but not from the new neighborhood pub.
    yet, hog's is the spot I have a hankering to return to.
    asap.
    stop by before there's a line out the door.
    it's only a matter of time!.
   It was really tasty! I was very impressed with the beer selection.
    If I wasn't the one that drove I swear I would have tried at least 5 on the list.
    My friend and I split two of the sausage sandwiches and both were very good.
    The atmosphere is very hipster.
    They have a shuffleboard in the back.
    The seating is bench style where you'll be seated at a long table, possibly next to really obnoxious people that you have to just try to ignore and talk over and try not to look at and throw death stares over.
    (If I had that 5th beer I'm sure I would have become best friends with them.
   ).
   We feel happy to report we live only ten minutes away and can return repeatedly with no effort.
    A creative menu with fabulous execution, we have enjoyed everything we have ordered.
     The salads and starters are great.
    We loved their version of a Caesar salad.
    The sausages are fabulous with homemade chips and slaw, yummy.
    Their skirt steak and pork chops are incredible.
     Let's not forget a large on tap beer menu.
      Marvelous find.
   First met Tim as he was sourcing his ingredients from local farmers markets, a year ago.
     I still see him there today.
        Tonight was my first night to visit and eat, and I was not disappointed.
     I tried two starters, a salad and two of the sausage sandwiches.
     I could go on and on to say how the asparagus was cooked perfectly, the sausages burst with complex but not overwhelming flavors, and lard fried chips were crisp and light.
      But I won't, and just say that they have a large array of detailed local beers, and they craft their food with thought, care and precision from farm to fork.
       Yum!.
   If you are looking for a good heavy meal and unique beer in Oakland, the Hog's Apothecary is the place to be.
     Its a small neighborhood restaurant, that has an industrial tap house feel.
     The staff was friendly and service was great.
     I would not say the service was particularly fast or slow, but servers were attentive despite how busy the restaurant was.
    I really enjoyed the beer list.
     It seemed to feature mostly small local breweries (many I had never even heard of).
     The variety of the beer selection was great and everything we tried was wonderful.
     I love trying new beer, especially from small California breweries, and I loved that this restaurant offered a wide variety of choices.
    The restaurant does take reservations.
    They seem to be busy while we were there so if you can get a reservation I recommend it.
     However (according to the website, only some of the restaurant can be reserved, so they also take plenty of walk-ins).
     There are two TVs above the bar area, so If you are hoping to catch a game on TV they have you covered.
    Our food was excellent.
    All of the small bites were great.
    The pretzel was my favorite.
    That alone could have been my meal.
     The spicy mustard was GREAT, but spicy!! If you love horseradish you will LOVE this mustard (and its perfect with the buttery flavor of the pretzel).
     I had the Titanic salad.
     It was great and plenty of food for a main meal.
     My husband had half dozen oysters and ribs and he had nothing but positives to say about that.
     My only criticism about the experience was that the restaurant was very warm inside.
     The windows were open but it didn't seem to provide much airflow.
    Its a small space, so with the kitchen cooking and a full restaurant it can become uncomfortably warm.
     Overall, great beer, yummy food and nice people.
     We will definitely go back.
   Pros:  fast and friendly service           Food is hearty and good           Good beer selectionCons: food is very heavy .
   but it's good.
   First time dining here today.
     Had reservations for Mother's Day.
     We were seated quickly, and then it was almost 20 minutes before our waiter showed up.
     I had been looking around, with pleading eyes, hoping maybe someone could take the time to get a mimosa started for a mom.
     But no.
     No water, nothing.
     The place was still half empty.
   The food was really good though.
   My son ordered the biscuits and gravy, but the biscuits were kind of drowned in the gravy, so my son wasn't eating them.
     I asked if he could have a dry biscuit and they said sure no problem.
     Of course surprise when the bill came- they just had to charge us the $5 for the dry biscuit- which was about 15 cents of ingredients.
     If they had warned us at the time they they weren't simply trying to help a customer be satisfied with their meal, and would be charging us, maybe I would not have been so annoyed.
     But between the 20 minute wait for service and the nickel and diming, it left me not looking forward to a return.
   If you care nothing about service, this place will be just fine.
   Visited today 5.
   4.
   16 I was working from home today and my friend stopped by to visit me.
    We got really hungry and decided to be adventurous and try a new place.
    The hog's apothecary has been on my list for quite some time now.
    I bookmarked it for their corn dog.
    It was pretty empty for a Wednesday at lunch.
    I guess it's to be expected.
    Sadly, they didn't have the corn dog offered today at lunch.
    I decided to get the trail park boy.
    Their bread is good! The mortadella was new to me.
    I liked it, a bit too salty.
    Actually salt was a big problem with our meal here.
    We share the supernova appetizer/starter.
    It was a mixed green beet salad with herb crème fraîche.
    It was so incredibly SALTY.
    We kind of forced ourselves to eat it when we honestly should've just sent it back or just stopped eating it.
    The only thing good about the salad was the toasted hazelnuts.
    My side salad that came with my sandwich was also wayyyy to salty.
    I didn't even try to eat it.
    We drank two jugs of water while we were there.
    This place was pretty disappointing.
    /: I wouldn't come back here unless it was to try their corn dog.
   Excellent experience at this place.
    Communal seating, sports TVs, great service, and gourmet artisan food.
    Their products are quality, and so even though they're pricey, they are decently portioned.
    They change their menu every day, so that's exciting.
   Fun place in Oakland! I came here for dinner with friends after a day of drinking our way through Napa.
   Outside, you'll be impressed with the big clean windows and inside, you'll find community tables and a menu with lots of beers.
   and a surprising amount of hotdogs.
    Most of my group went the hotdog route but I opted for the "Pride of Castroville" which was delicious with juicy artichokes.
    Fun service, chill atmosphere.
   Lively, quality gastropub that's helping to put the area around 40th Street and Broadway on the map as a new dining corridor in Oakland, with a feel and identity that's distinct from gentrified Piedmont Avenue not far away.
   The first things you notice are the tremendous craft beer selection and the meat/pork-heavy menu.
    As for the beer, the selection is quite extensive and although it features mostly craft brews, it looks like it's been curated to be very comprehensive across all major styles.
    Moreover, if you have any questions about any single beer item, you could ask for a little taste, or you could ask for advice on what pairs well with certain dishes on the menu.
   And as for the menu, it is quite meat-heavy (although I assume some items may be vegetarian-friendly or can be made so).
    While items like sausages might sound steep at around $13, the portion size is tremendous, and the case of the "Got Seoul" sausage that they offered recently, it comes topped uniquely with Asian ingredients.
    There are even meatier, more substantial entrees available too, all with whimsical names to them.
    Everything is so meaty and delicious, you'll be "mmm"-ing with approval throughout the meal.
   The overall atmosphere is quite friendly and festive, with lots of communal seating, and the place can be packed most of the time.
    Service is also knowledgeable and friendly too.
    Chalk up another win for the 40th Street area and for the Oakland dining scene.
   Your typical hipster joint.
    Bearded men, beer, beer snacks made in-house, pretzels.
   Crater Lake Root Beer was delish.
    Served in a metal cup with perfectly square ice cubes that don't get in the way, it has a refreshing but light sassafras taste.
    It's $5 for about 10 oz.
   Pretzel was pretty average.
    The mustard was more like wasabi pretending to be mustard.
    The malted mayo was brown mayo.
   The space is pretty comfortable but service was okay.
    No one came to our table for quite a while until we asked.
   Awesome brunch.
    Hangar steak and eggs were perfectly rare and runny (respectively) and biscuits with friend chicken add-on was gooey and juicy (respectively)Draught iced coffee was strong without being overly bitter and creamy smooth cream.
   Service was quick and attentive and just as hipster as one would expect.
   A happy find in Oakland.
     Interesting selection of beers and tasty food.
     I had the New York Reuben sandwich and was very satisfied.
     The pastrami is almost shredded, which worked fine, and the flavor was excellent.
     Husband had the meatball sandwich and enjoyed it tremendously.
     Freshly made potato chips were perfectly cooked.
     We will happily go back anytime.
   This is a very difficult place to decide whether it's a 3 or a 5 star.
    I opted for 4 stars, and here's why.
    The ambiance is beautiful.
    The lighting is low and glowing, and extremely inviting.
    The overall setup of this restaurant is well thought out.
    And they have a pretty decent selection of beer on tap; different local breweries with brief descriptions.
    Their food is pretty good.
    It's a bit pricey for my wallet, but that's with the understanding the local (sustainable) farmers provide produce and meat.
    And it's good.
    Just beyond my budget for the most part.
    I have a pretty decent job and all, but this is Oakland after all, and $25 entrees, no matter how high the quality of food, is just not within my budget of reasonable spending for a single entree, not including drinks, not including  my partner  or her  choice of food and beverage.
    I will probably just stick to going there for some booze.
    The bartenders are great, the servers are somewhere between mediocre and great, and overall this business seems to have a lot of pride and it presents itself well.
    Definitely worth stopping by for a beer and scoping things out.
    It's very inviting.
   ** honorable mention, this is with respect to Jack R review.
    Just wanted to make the argument that Jack's review is wildly inappropriate.
    Not only is it borderline chauvinistic with his constant mention of how attractive the waitress was, but it's inappropriate with respect to how his failure to order left the waitress to awkwardly make suggestions and order food for him, that he later, somehow, "realized" he didn't know what she had ordered, and therefore he did not like it.
    Went on to joke about how his friend nearly pushed the waitress into his lap, then complained about the food again.
    You're a douche, Jack.
    I think you should take your review down.
    **.
   My girlfriend and I went on a double date with two of our friends, and we had dinner at The Hog's Apothecary.
    It was a Saturday night, and there was a good crowd.
    This restaurant has communal tables which is something that I absolutely disdain.
    As someone who has a busy schedule and is in a long distance relationship, my time with my girlfriend, my friends, and my family is precious to me.
    When I finally get the time to spend with my self-selected company, I hate having to shout over strangers to avoid being drowned out by their own conversations.
    That being said, the communal tables at Hog's were not nearly as cramped as the ones at Homeroom.
    You still have to do a lot of yelling though.
    The hard wooden benches were pretty uncomfortable too.
    Everything else about the restaurant was really great though.
    They offer a preponderance of great local and semi-local beers on tap.
    I had the Buddha's Hand IPA from Berryessa Brewing in Winters, CA, and it was awesome.
    It was not overly bitter and had a pleasant citrus taste from the Buddha's hand.
    Everyone else enjoyed their beers as well.
   My girlfriend and I started our meal with a soft pretzel.
    The pretzel had a rich, brown skin and was light and airy on the inside.
    I really enjoyed the spicy mustard dipping sauce that came with the pretzel.
    The heat from the mustard hits you right in the sinuses (in a good way).
   For our meal, we shared the corn dog and the Jamaican Me Crazy sausage.
   Corn dog: Easily one of the best (non-State Fair) corn dogs I've ever had.
    However, I feel like corn dogs are kind of like donuts.
    Awful ones are still pretty good, and even the best version with the best possible ingredients is only a few times better than the average ones.
    Jamaican Me Crazy: The sausage was tasty, although the jerk seasoning could have been a little more bold.
    I only tasted faint traces of allspice.
    The bun pillow-soft and provided a textural contrast to the pop I would get when biting into the casing of the sausage.
    The potato chips were tasty too.
    While both items were really good, they do seem a little overpriced for what they are.
   Our service was good, although there was some redundancy between the servers.
    Several different people came around to take our orders and this led to some confusion when my girlfriend ordered a second beer and two of the servers mistakenly thought that the other one would get the beer.
    They got it right eventually though.
   Overall, I like The Hog's Apothecary and would come back another time for beer and a corn dog.
   Every time I pass by Hog's Apothecary, it's filled to the brim with customers.
    The menu is filled with (overpriced) sausage options.
    I guess it's their specialty, but no way in hell I am buying into gourmet hotdogs prices anymore.
    I already think Rosamunde and Wurstkuche in LA are overhyped and overpriced so $12+ for a dog? I really don't think so.
   Instead, I tried out the brunch menu.
    At first look, everything is pleasant.
    The servers are nice, the interior is open with long communal tables, and they have an extensive "hipster" beer list.
    I'm on a Belgian kick lately for I get the two Belgian beers and they are both delicious.
    After we ordered the food, about 45 minutes have passed and we are already close to finishing our second beer.
    The service is painfully slow.
    In fact, I saw some other tables that came in after us getting their food first.
    What's up with that?They see us get a bit antsy and assure us our food is coming out.
    I receive my French Monsieur which is good, with a nice kick of Horseradish.
    I also try the Apothecary Benedict and must admit, the house made ham is quite good.
    Everything tastes pretty good but they are all pretty much heart attacks on a plate.
    The food is definitely better than average but not enough to make me keep wanting to come back.
    The problem with this place, and a bunch of other new hipster joints in Oakland, is that everything is "artisanal" but that doesn't mean it necessarily makes everything taste better nor does it justify the stiff prices.
    There are too many places in Oakland which offers a good beer list and hipster food, but it's kind of getting out of hand.
    What's next, $20 sausage made with baby dragon butt and foie gras? I digress but I didn't feel Hog's was a step above any other already existing places.
    That's why I'll give it an A-OK.
   We brought some of our fam here, because I mean it has hog in the name--- why wouldn't we? They only serve beer and wine, so don't expect a full bar.
     The menu is a great mix of stuff to share and entrees.
     We ordered a mix of bar snacks, appetizers and one entree to share.
     Everything was super tasty! The staff was super awesome.
     The one thing that I didn't like was the bench seating (I need a seat back when filling my belly) and there was no where to hang my jacket &amp; purse.
     We will definitely go back here to try more of the menu.
   My wife &amp; I decided to start out 2016 with brunch here today.
     Brunch was quite busy today, so it was good that we made a reservation.
     She started with a mimosa, while I had a pint of hefeweizen (a tough choice, as they have over 25 beers on draft).
     I ordered the chicken and waffles.
     You can get either maple syrup or gravy with this order, but I recommend the syrup.
     The onion waffle and fried chicken are very savory, so the sweetness of the syrup brings a nice balance.
     They use boneless chicken thighs, so you can forgo utensils and just dig in with your bare hands!My wife ordered a benedict, which comes with the house pastrami.
     The egg was cooked perfectly, but the dish (along with the house potatoes) were a little on the salty side.
   We ordered a side of bacon to share, which could have been cooked a little longer.
   The service was excellent:  attentive, but not overbearing.
     The place got pretty loud as it got crowded, but it was very festive for the holiday.
   I was out Free Wheeling and I had a fresh Charge on my Ankle Bracelet .
    Today was a good day to eliminate another Book Mark .
   So I rolled to The Hogs Apothecary and Oaktown.
   I rolled up and Parked right across the street .
    No Parking Lot just Street Parking .
   They also have Bike Parking right up front.
    The Cool Thing is the Front Door Handles are Shaped like Giant Meat Cleavers.
   I was Greeted upon Entering and  Grabbed  a Seat at the Bar.
    The Furnishings are Very Sturdy and some of it is from Repurposed Materials very cool.
    Their Bar Menu and Food Menu Change Daily .
    They also Butcher a Whole Pig every Tuesday and they use every part in Meal preparation .
   They have 2 LCD TVs for Sporting Events .
   They also have a Nice Big Open Air Skylight .
   Their Bartenders are a Wealth of Info .
   They have several Micro Brews on Tap.
   I ordered a Whippersnapper -Southern English Style Brown Mild Ale .
    I Liked It.
   I then ordered a Chocolypto - Imperial Stout with Oatmeal and Cacao .
    I really like this one it was Rich and Robust .
   My Final Beer was Framboos / Batch 28 -Belgian Style Ale with Raspberries .
    This is a Must Order very Flavorful and Fruity .
   For Dinner I Ordered The Belgian Braise - House Butchered Pork Shoulder braised in Societe ale , heirloom grits , charred radish rapini  braising  jus ,hard herb- bread crumb salsa .
   This was very good the Pork was so Tender it melted in my Mouth .
    Yummy I also ordered a Corn Dog and it Came with House rendered Lard Fried Kennebec Potato Chips and Mixed Pickles .
    This was also good .
   My Servers were Very Nice and Prompt .
    I Paid By Discover Card and Rolled out.
   The fried chicken was piled high and looked scrumptious, but it was raw.
     Not under done, not pink.
     Gelatinously raw.
     I asked that it be removed from the bill which they did, but I was surprised our server didn't seem more alarmed by the fact that raw chicken made it onto the plate.
    This is fine if you like communal tables.
   It took me awhile, but I finally got to try Hog's and for brunch, nonetheless.
   I came on a Saturday and there was a good crowd and we got seated right away.
    I had one of their many beers on tap, though I don't recall which one.
    I went with the Belgian Waffles with Fried Chicken.
    The waffles were savory and the fried chicken was a must.
    Otherwise, what's the point? The dish was excellent.
    Though the person I was with got the something else, it was very small for the price, even though my dish was a bit pricey as well.
    I don't remember what he got, as it is not on the menu online.
    The food is good and the service is good as well.
    This is a place I would come to every once in a long awhile, but certainly worth a try.
   I live down the street so I always end up here when I can't make a decision on what to eat.
    Great beer selection and excellent food.
    Menu is always changing, which is nice because I can always order something new.
    The bartender told us they base their menu off of what is available that day.
    Also, service has always been super friendly.
   I should have ordered the Fried Chicken.
   As good as that dish looked though (and as much as I wanted to try it), I knew I had to order something pork related.
     After all, between Hog's Apothecary's name and their giant pig statue that hovered behind me, it'd practically be sacrilegious not to!  And I am not one to mess with the pork/bacon/pork belly powers that may be (all hail, Bacon!).
   With a menu that is constantly changing, Hog's Apothecary has a lot to offer, even if the day's menu isn't super extensive - roughly a dozen starters and sides, a handful of sausages, and a few different entrées.
     What's more, there's beer and lots of it.
     With over 25 varieties on tap (mostly craft brews), you could even forgo eating and just sample beers all night long.
   -- SPICY PORK CRACKLIN'S.
   $3(yelp.
   com/biz_photos/the-…)These cracklin's are crackin'!  Not only are they borderline addictive, but they really do pack some heat, as every piece is coated with a spicy, mouth-watering seasoning (don't forget the lime!).
     What's more, the portion is quite generous!  A great starter for groups to share.
   -- BOURBON-CHICKEN LIVER PATE.
   $6(yelp.
   com/biz_photos/the-…)Although larger slices of bread would have been nice to spread out all that pate, I'm not definitely not complaining about those giant gobs either!  While every bite was rich and decadent, the taste was also nicely accentuated by the sea salt and the berries.
     If this isn't the best one I've had, it wouldn't be far behind.
   -- SUPERFECTA SAUSAGE SANDWICH - Pork, Rabbit, Chicken, Tim's Brown Ale, Basque Chili &amp; Mild Herbs, Fennel-Onion Braise, Dijon Mustard.
   $14(yelp.
   com/biz_photos/the-…)The only blemish, but it was a big one.
     I was hopeful for trio of meats in the sausage, but it wasn't even juicy, let alone flavorful.
     Ironically, the braise had the opposite effect, overpowering whatever flavor the meat had with fennel.
     Sadly, besides the chips, the only other thing I enjoyed were the pickled vegetables.
   As underwhelming as my order was, it really was the only "bad" thing about my experience.
     Great food otherwise, an awesome selection of beers, fantastic staff (they let our large party split our bill into smaller tabs), and (relatively) easy parking.
     Plus, with several long tables, Hog's Apothecary is grew for groups large or small.
   Also, it's worth noting that the rest of my friends seemed to enjoy their food quite a bit (we all ordered different things), so it wouldn't surprise me if what I had just wasn't one of their better dishes.
     Especially since the starters were really good.
     Rounding up from THREE AND A HALF STARS, but I wonder what might have been if I had only ordered the fried chicken!.
   4.
   5 StarsProsA great variety of draft beers + a flight option Pretzel was easily shareable and well done Fun atmosphereChill staff ConsUmmmm can be pricey depending on your beer choice Overall ThoughtsWhile I enjoyed my experience with the beer I want to come back for the food to see if it can be bumped up that last half star!.
   Order the meatballs (appetizer) and fried chicken.
    They have tons of beer on tap!  I was in the mood for cider and they had 2 to choose from.
   I can wait to come back here.
     Such a gem!.
   Will not be returning.
    I give the ambiance, environment, resources (food and drink) a mediocre mark, nothing special.
    It was the service I wasn't happy with.
    I have not ever been talked to like that here in the Bay Area.
    I brought my service dog and two friends and was felt less than welcomed.
    Although we did get to sit down for a beer.
    Our waiter, the bartender, Josh H, near beginning of dinner, was kind of an asshole to my friends and I.
    He immediately had a tone upon first approach like he wasn't going to like us, asking about my small dog.
    I told him we had already talked to the manager and were welcomed to sit down.
    I felt like he would have told us to leave.
   Josh came over to my friends and I to get our drink order.
    My friend had a question which left much to be interpreted.
    Instead of helping my friend out he insulted her by remarking "how all over the place" her question was.
    I was floored.
    I later asked for a glass of water.
    Of course I had my dog in my lap away from others, I gave him a chance to drink out of the glass.
    Josh comes out of nowhere and immediately rips the glass out of my hand and scolds me.
    Stroke two.
    We were all ready to leave by this point.
    He returned with a paper cup of water for my dog.
    Sweet? Hardly.
    He also assumed we wanted separate checks when we did not.
    Perhaps he was having a bad day but a first impression is a first impression bud.
    Terrible service.
    Money is tight for most and I wouldn't waste a second try on somewhere that was just ok.
    In order to harvest a community you should probably be more friendly to your locals and their pooches.
    Word spreads fast.
   It's currently SF Beer Week.
     Like, I'm sad that I even had to work at all this week, but I need the money to taste the beer, so here we are.
     Last night, the hubs and I met some good friends at the Hog's Apothecary as they were hosting brews from FiftyFifty Brewing.
     I stalked the menu online, and many of their offerings are meat and pork and sausage and YES.
     Our server was very friendly and very attentive.
      A+Location - near (in?) Temescal in Oakland.
     I hear this is a notorious hipsterville area.
     No matter, this place is kinda by itself on a corner.
     Walking in, there are picnic tables, so you sit community style with others.
     There was a bar to my right, communal seating in the middle, and bar seating along the left edge.
     I enjoyed the decor, but man, it's loud AF in there.
     We were there in the evening, after 7pm and it wasn't super crowded, but it sounded like it.
    We were fortunate enough to be able to move to a corner booth so we could hear our own conversation.
    Beer - I sampled two beers and shite, I can't remember the name of the FiftyFifty beer.
     It started with an M, if I remember correctly, and it was delicious.
     Winner winner!  The second beer was the German Table Beer, a dark German session with wheat.
     Also delicious.
     I wish it hadn't been a Wednesday night because I would've picked at LEAST three more to try.
     The selection is superb.
     Most of my stars are dedicated to this.
   Food - We ordered the Snack Bar and split among us four.
     I think it's a good bang for your buck.
     You get a HUGE fresh soft pretzel, house made corn nuts, olives, and pork cracklins.
     Everything on that platter was delicious, though I feel as though the cracklins were a little stale.
     Could've just been me.
     Hubs and I split the Steph Currywurst.
     It's a good portion for one person.
     That was my bad.
     Not too overwhelming with the curry flavor, with nice pickled onions and chips on the side.
     I left needing something else though.
   I took away a star due to price.
     Yes, the selection is great.
     The food is well thought-out and complementary to the beer list.
     It was pricey for me though (see 1st paragraph).
     A sausage dog, although delicious was $14.
     Overall, still a good place.
     I'd come here again on a semi-full stomach to sample more beer.
   Great brunch place! Friendly service.
    Sat at the bar and was served by a cool guy from San Diego.
    A wide variety of beer on tap.
    The Royale with Cheese was amazing.
    The oysters were sweet.
    I will definitely return to try the pumpkin pie donut holes!.
   If you want a sausage and beer, this is definitely the place to be! Also, if you're a giant hipster, go here:) the quality is excellent, the vibe is trendy (in all it's dark wood and metal accents, with some great pops of corrugated metal at the bar).
   This place is a major thumbs up, bring your friends and it'll be a great time!.
   I am glad I like this place because it's literally across the street from me.
    Be aware it gets PACKED and it's really not the place to just drop in for a beer on the weekend.
    They are really particular where you sit too so aside from the bar you must check in with the host/hostess.
    The food is good however a bit overpriced but the pretzel is huge and very reasonably priced.
    But you're really coming her for the beer.
    The beer list is great.
    Let me say that again-- the beer list is great.
    A ton of time goes into crafting this and you can tell.
    Everyone working there knows a ton and will recommend and let you tastes everything first.
    I miss the little shuffle board they used to have but they totally needed the space given how popular Hog's has become.
    It's great for the neighborhood and I am a big fan.
   Bacon.
    Pretzel.
    Fried chicken.
    Millions of local brew on tap.
    This man I know, who I call Lester, not his real name, of course, who is from the great state of Iowa, would have loved this place like hog in mud.
    My pre-race meal.
    It was very children friendly.
    I unfortunately was having a discussion with my dining partner about why men always cheat when a young couple with young children sat down.
    Yes it was a communal table style.
    So conversation of controversy could be overheard.
    Though I should not apologize for we have freedom of speech here and plus I know I am right.
    I am the confession chamber to many guy friends who cheat but feel guilty.
   Social commentary aside, this is kind of restaurant that serves the food for the people.
    Basic yet upscale.
    Possibly the best fried chicken with collard greens I have ever eaten.
    I ordered the pork shoulder with grits, delicious.
    Pretzel with two kinds of gourmet mustard, yum.
    But, the most surprising thing was the apple and celery root soup called fruit and root soup.
    Creamy, yes, but also very light and sweet.
    Very girlie dish I think.
    I think the sausages looked great.
    I want to come back to try the local brew.
    Very fashionable.
    This place felt a bit Midwestern and a bit of the South, and slightly Brooklyn.
    Oakland is having a moment.
    I sort of kind of want to share my finds with everyone.
    Time to make some new friends so I can show them how Oaklanders do food.
   We arrived early for our reservation so sat at the bar where we enjoyed some of the amazing beers they have on tap.
    The service and atmosphere was so great we decided to just fine at the bar and what a treat.
    We had bar snacks of olives and spicy pork crackling - both delicious.
    Next the chickfritz which made me wish I could cook so well.
    For our main we shared the shrimp and grits - let's say I had to strongly resist licking the plate! Final course was the pumpkin and pretzel donuts with a custard sauce.
    I'll admit to drinking what was left of the custard sauce.
    The donuts themselves were packed with flavor and delightfully moist.
    Finally did I mention the beer selection? Great choice of local small brews, many of which I love so glad Hogs supports them.
    I will definitely be back.
   Wasn't impressed with the food or service,but the place looks nice.
    Wouldn't go back.
   This area is infested with hipsters and there's nothing to complain about that.
    This restaurant is exactly what this area needed! Craft beer galore.
    This is a more intimate hipster place with cafeteria tables and a bar stools all around (they really want you to start talking to the strangers).
    What I lovvvvveeee is the style and the Devore of this place.
    The plentiful of windows and the high ceilings.
    It really comfortable here.
   They have a huge selection of craft beer all over the east Bay Area as well as out of town beers.
   For now I only tried their hot dogs and pretzel.
    The pretzel was good! Nice and soft and really big enough for two.
    Just AVOID dipping a huge piece into their yellow home made mustard sauce.
    It taste like wasabi.
    As for the hotdog, Jamaican Jerk Off.
    It was ok.
    The Bun broke off cause it was so soft.
    The sausage was good.
    The vegetable they added on top didn't chop off well with the bite.
    I mean it's a hot dog, so simple but they made it so complex that it was hard to understand why.
    I would come back again for the beer for sure.
   Went there again recently and was actually amazed by the food.
    Had mussels and some kind of fabulous salad and vegetable fritter thing.
    It was so fresh, interesting and delicious! (Yes.
    I licked the plate.
   ) Sometimes it's just a matter of respecting your own culinary boundaries and finding the right thing to eat.
    And of course, enjoying The Hog's creative and excellent execution.
   Not sure what's going on but we have been sitting here for 30 minutes! We came in and the waitress took our beer order.
    10 minutes later got our beers! She never came back walked around helping all 10 people in the restaurant.
    Trying to flag her down no eye contact smh.
    Well at least my dead canary is good.
    oh boy she walked by again!! Check please I guess we can't try the food.
    Let me change it to one star even ride when asking for the check!!.
   I came here during restaurant week and it was pretty busy.
    The service was great and the food was okay.
   Excellent beer selection Slowish service, only had maybe 1 or 2 waitstaff for a  busy Saturday night.
    I was going to order the corn app but thankfully I was told it was essentially corn nuts.
   Pistachio mortadella was goodPork  crackling was deliciousShrimp grits were absolutely fantasticCorn dog was extremely dissapointing, the breading fell apart and wasn't crispy or thick enough and the sausage was bleh.
   Sorry, but don't believe the hype.
    Although Hog's is a guiding light for the Temescal gentrification movement, the service is kind of pretentious dudes old timey haircuts and ironic t-shirts, the food is meh, and the vibe is kind of wack.
    Thanks for the $7.
   50 beer and microwaved pretzel.
    Wah-wahhhhhh.
   You know, I found the menu very hard to navigate.
    Maybe I went at the wrong time of the day? But we were only offered a bar menu and it was not straight forward.
    I felt almost intimidated trying to figure out why we had to de-code it.
    We had to ask the waitress a few times what is what and how we get what we want.
    She seemed at awe why we would ask suchhhh questions but then she served us marinated olives from a MASON jar.
    That was when I figured out we were going to be spending money on cool instead of food, so we nibbled and left.
    I may or may not stick my head in another time, just to see if their regular dinner menu will not be served on burlap or a birds nest.
    The restaurant itself is very pretty though!.
   I went here with two of my friends for Oakland Restaurant Week; unfortunately, we came at dinner and the offer was not available! Bummer! You walk in, and there is a bar, benches (Biergarten status), and stools around the edges.
    The decor was nice and even featured a giant hog.
    FOOD: We got the meatball appetizer and I got the Extras sandwich.
    My friends got the Area 51 and the Kielbasa.
    Overall, tasty.
    The food comes with freshly made chips and pickled vegetables.
    The chips were HEAVILY salted that I felt that it was just not good.
    Please hold back on the salt.
    Veggies were fine.
    The sausage combo itself was pretty good.
    DRINK:I got a double IPA.
    The place has a lot of beer options and are constantly rotating with choices, so beer options are great here.
    SERVICE: I was pleased with the service.
    Our waitress was attentive, but nothing spectacular, but our food and drinks come out in within a reasonable amount of time.
    Although, she took away our full water pitcher and gave it to another party.
    I was confused, but mistakes like that happen.
    OVERALL:To sum it up, very expensive, which probably is why it's 3 stars.
    For what I ate, the quality, and all, I don't see how I can justify $14 for a "sandwich" (a hot dog).
    We were content with the place at the end of the night, but believed the price and quality disparity was too big.
   I changed my mind.
    (after my last visit)Smarmy host.
    Over priced food.
    Yacky, pretentious &amp; droning hipster wannabes.
    It's downright annoying.
    I'm not going back.
    'tis a shame.
    Nice bartender.
    Great beer selection.
     .
   oh well.
   Great place to get a drink, and the food (at least, our pretzels) is great! They have a large variety of beers.
    I had the red flight, everyone else had lighter beers.
    The beer and the pretzels were all amazing!.
   Quick stop for a snack before heading out to a late dinner.
    The beer selections were pretty impressive! Decided to try the Hock &amp; Trotter Terrine - could use a bit of seasoning.
    The flavors didn't mix in together as well as we expected it to.
    Still overall satisfying.
   Despite passing by this place several times on my trek to Piedmont, I had never set foot in The Hog's Apothecary until this evening.
    I had always felt a tad bit put off by the name, as I am a strict vee-gan.
    Their menu didn't seem to be very veg-friendly (rather, not at all).
    However, my friend Lindsey (also a veg) brought me here, and I thought it was pretty neat, as far as bars go.
    I tried the Societe beer flight this evening ($10), which featured tantalizing names for each brew: The Harlot, The Debutante, and The Widow.
    All three of the beers hailed from San Diego.
    The service was a touch unfriendly, but I've come to expect that same surliness with hipster locales in the East Bay.
    The dining area and bar were both pretty jam-packed, so the host placed us, standing, at a counter by the window.
    The server seemed to dislike this placement, but where else were we to go? I think I would have bumped this one up to a 5 if the staff had took initiative and found us a table.
    Even so, at the end of the day, all of the beers I tasted were delicious, and I would definitely return to sample more of their cold beverages.
   The ambiance here is really nice.
    The beer is delicious and food is amazing.
    The pretzels with wasabi mustard sauce really opens your airway and taste so good.
   Been here for lunch and dinner now and it's been great!  The menu is limited but with enough choices and diversity for everyone to be able to find something.
     Extensive beer menu but I dont think liquor.
     Seating is communal on some tables to be ready to rub elbows with a stranger.
     Looking forward to going back as they update their menu.
   Loudest restaurant I've ever been in making the experience uncomfortable right as it began.
     The cracklins were chewy, not really crunchy, and didn't have any pork flavor to it.
     The terrine was too subtle and came on bread which tasted like it was a day old.
     My Versace sausage was one of the better ones I've had, well seasoned and juicy with a good kick, served on a soft bun which tasted kind of like a Hawaiian roll.
    The potato chips were fine but nothing special, reminds me of in-n-out fries which are "more fresh" but also just don't taste as good as other stuff you find.
   Overall a pretty average meal in an unpleasant setting.
   Wow! Literally the best benedict I ever had, and from a gastropub no less.
     The meat was amazing and the egg was perfectly poached.
     Excellent job! And I'm typically someone who is very particular with it comes to breakfast (I have a sous vide at home so it's hard to beat sous vide eggs).
     Plus great beer selection on top of that!.
   Had a nice lunch here with a mimosa and a "Vietnamese" sausage sandwich with an egg on it.
    quite good.
    You sit at communal tables.
    Maybe next time we come here for happy hour.
   We came back for dinner to celebrate our 1-year wedding anniversary (dropped in without a reservation) and in almost no time at all, we were seated in the exact same place as our first visit back in July.
    We had the same server, AND she remembered us! Pretty awesome.
    The blue cheese stuffed figs are not on the menu currently but they make some damn good steak (with blue cheese BUTTER!!! WOWWWW) and fries.
    I loved looking around the restaurant while we were eating and seeing how the staff all interacted with each other - laughing, talking, and at one point I looked up in time to see someone down half a glass of beer.
    I don't mean to imply they're unprofessional; rather I get the impression that people that work here love being around each other and working together in an environment that they enjoy, which definitely makes for a fun dining experience.
    If we lived closer (and made a bit more money) I'd want to be regulars.
   Seriously guys, if you're ever in the area, skip the crowds waiting outside Homeroom (although I also love that place) and just go about a block up for some of the best dishes in the east bay.
   Brunched here twice and the food has been delectable:Softshell crab Benedict - I snapped that up the moment I saw it, and so glad I did because it wasn't on the menu the next time I went here!  It was just as good I imagined it would be, plus the potatoes on the side were amazing.
   Savory waffle + fried chicken - I had this with both gravy and syrup, and really it should be done no other way.
     The fried chicken was boneless (all the easier to inhale you with, my dear), moist on the inside, crunchy but not greasy on the outside.
     The waffles were cornmeal-y, also with the perfect amount of crispness most becoming of a waffle.
     Have this dipped in syrup, and then the next bite smeared with gravy, then a bite of chicken, and so forth.
     I can guarantee the couple next to you who hasn't gotten their entrees yet will be slightly uncomfortable at you and your spouse's eating moans.
     Service was great.
     I would say in the summer be prepared for a cold drink along with everything else.
   Waltzed in here with a reservation for 2, just in case, on a Sunday morning for brunch.
    Upon first observation, this place is bright, open and cute!! Community tables for the social people and a few private tables for people like me.
    My friend opted for the Pastrami Benedict with Schmaltz Potatoes and I went for the Fried Chicken and Spring Onion Waffles with Huckleberry Jam.
    Let's not forget the mimosas, a brunch requirement.
    Delicious.
    That is all I have to say.
    Hands down best chicken and waffles I've had so far.
    And I've had a lot.
    No bones! I'm all about bones and meat handles but you know there be places that give you only skin and bones.
    Just meat baby.
    Crispy on the outside and tender, juicy on the inside.
    I'm salivating just thinking about it.
    And those schmaltzy potatoes?! I stole them off my friends plate.
    So damn good.
    That flavor! I can't get over this place!.
   This is one of our go-to brunch spots in the Bay Area.
    The beer selection is phenomenal, the food is great and we love the space with beautiful light big community tables.
    Some of our favorites include the French Madame, the schmaltzy potatoes, the Royale with cheese.
    The staff is always friendly, great customer service.
   Hipster is probably the best way to describe this place.
    The concept, the staff, the menu.
    This is something that you would expect in Portland - but none of this is necessarily a bad thing.
   My friend up in Oakland had reached out to me, and while looking at reviews for the Trappist, a mention about the Hog's Apothecary caught my eye.
    Fortunately the place was a few blocks from my friend and close to my sister.
    My friend has wanted to try this place, and I was curious.
   We showed up to standing room only - a good sign.
    My friend put her name down with a 30 minute wait, and we found a space to look over the beer menu.
    Really impressive, local menu.
    Some things I've tried, but there was plenty that I had never even seen before.
    Started with the 1903 Pre-Prohibition Style American Lager, which was delicious, and intelligently the beers got added to the menu tab for when we sat.
   Not even 10 minutes later we got a seat.
    Other than the bar, the place features long tables with benches.
    Herein lies the one of problem I see with this place: getting in and up from these benches if you have a middle seat and they are already packed.
    I eventually maneuvered in, but it wasn't easy.
   The possibly daily-changing menu was confusing to say the least.
    I still have no idea what Arlo Shirks or Olin Browns are.
    I get it, hipster.
    But don't make things difficult on your servers and the patrons - call shit out, like everything else on the menu.
   Regardless, I went the sausage sandwich route that the person sitting next to me also did: a Darkwing (duck and pork sausage with some kind of delicious greens on top) and the fried grits side.
    The Darkwing was delicious and hearty, the chips very flavorful, as were the white veggie side.
    The fried grits were also delicious, but the sausage was big enough that I barely got a dent into the grits.
   Before leaving my friend and I each ordered one of the daily flights: she went with wheat, I went with hoppy.
    The Daphne was delicious, but definitely more on the crisp summer day variety of hoppy.
   I could definitely see coming back, and if I lived in the area, the beers alone might make this a recurring stop.
    Some of the entrees are a bit on the pricey side, but fortunately there are some cheap options so you don't break the bank.
   Great food and rotating taps.
     The staff is also wonderful.
     I visit often and love their brunch!.
   A certain someone wanted to try this place for over 4 months now.
   Here we are at this place with all the open space in the world, but to only see two communal tables in the middle of the room and bar stools along the window counters.
     Trying to squeezed us into the edge of the communal table (H-E-L-L to the NO!).
    We opted to wait for the bar stools instead.
   With minimal selections, we nibble on some chickpea fritters and meatballs before scarfing down our Moroccan lambs sandwich and hot dogs.
    Nothing spectacular about the food when all you're given was some pickles and potato chips to go along with your meal.
     I'm not looking to return to this place but maybe one day along the line.
    In fairness, their service was on point and friendly.
   Solid food, great atmosphere and interesting beer list.
    The pretzel is a must.
    Sausages are good.
    Fried chicken is good.
    Totally worth while.
    Though I dig it it's not a place that's like a total package for me meaning I would suggest it, but I wouldn't go outta my way to go there.
    It is for sure one of the better spots in that few block radius - not that there are many.
   Went "cheap" with the Corn Dog ($8) and asked for a recommendation for the 3 small Charcuterie items.
    The waitress recommended the Pork Terrine ($6).
   The terrine comes with toasted slices of Barkada baguette, whole grain mustard, pickle, and olive (yelp.
   com/biz_photos/the-…).
    Despite having visible herbs it was pretty bland on it's own and definitely needed the mustard (yelp.
   com/biz_photos/the-…).
   The Corn Dog was superb.
    It's huge and served with lard-y chips, pickles, ketchup and yellow mustard (yelp.
   com/biz_photos/the-…).
    Strong smokey flavor from the hot dog.
    The chips were all crisp, an improvement from my last visit.
   They need to beef up the little skewer you can see on the left side of my picture.
    I first picked the corn dog up with that and it immediately bent and cracked under the weight of the corn dog.
   Went to check this place out.
    Food was okay but service was bad.
   Duck was dry.
    Nothing special about the fried chicken.
    Meatballs were great!!But our server, maybe she was having a bad day, but really inattentive.
     She never came and checked in if I wanted another beer.
    When taking our order she literally left before my friend placed his order.
    She took my order then turned around and left as he was about to place his order.
    He had to track her down and give her his order.
    And she never returned to check how our meals were.
    It became comical but she was not a good server.
    I wasn't impressed enough to return.
    Think it's a lot of hype.
   Here's the thing: the food is sadly only 2-2 and a half stars, but the excellent service bumps it up to three stars.
    1) the fried chicken was covered in gravy.
    Like too much and took away from the crispness.
    No flavor to the batter really and kinda bland.
    Meh.
    2) the corn dog- gf got it and I tried.
    Also just not as good as it looked.
    3) fried pickle appetizers were solid though.
    4) great beer selection I will confirm.
   I was sooo excited to try HA.
   I'm so disappointed that our experience left us irritated &amp; disgusted.
    There was literally 4 other patrons there when we walked in at 5:25pm.
   at 5:30 dinner started &amp; 5 more parties walked in.
   we got outta there at 6pm with NO food order since EVERYONE got service before we did.
    I was appalled no one even stopped by to check how we were doing with our beer that was ordered at the bar.
     Funny enough there was a black guy at the bar that was there before we got there that no one was checking on either!!!! The food smelled so good but they weren't getting another cent from me.
   they went outta their way to avoid making eye contact.
     Make sure you look hipster enough if you want any service from Hog's.
   you just messed with the wrong ONE!.
   Super yummi y'all! Best fired chicken I ever had (albeit probably the smallest portion).
    Their Wiener schnitzel was incredible and I'll be back.
   This place has an incredible beer list.
    The beer selector knows their stuff.
    Always delicious.
    I live fairly close to this spot so I frequent this place.
    Hogs does not have anything I eat ( because I'm vegan) but the service, ant the staff are great, so I come anyways.
    My man loves their sausages and I just like the place.
    Good beer and great staff and I like the design of the place.
   Was looking forward to trying this place as I like beer and pork, and it's within walking distance to my home.
     Came with a small  group on a very quiet night (maybe 6 or 7 customers besides us), but was underwhelmed.
    Had a good beer and intended to eat, but was put off by the service.
    Example: When I asked the guy behind the bar if a certain beer was good, rather than a friendly "Yes", and maybe describing it, he just dryly said "Define good".
     Really? You're gonna just throw it back at the customer with two words to prove how cool and indifferent you are?More than one examples of dickish attitude meant we left after one beer each, and a tab that was less than 1/5 of what was likely as we intended to stay for more beers and dinner, but I guess they "won" because they seemed intent on not making us feel welcome and they achieved it.
   In the Yelp listing, it says "Ambience: Hipster" and that's accurate.
     Judging from the snarky/snotty service, it seems they Hog's Apothecary thinks that's a compliment.
    In my experience, even hipsters don't like to think of themselves as such.
    (Are there really people out there who say, "Hipster? I'm there!")This place needs to get over itself and act like they're happy you're there.
     The fact that they don't bother to respond to their Yelp reviews seems to be another example of them thinking they're too cool to care.
   When you see the word "apothecary" in their name, you just know it's gonna be hipster.
     So much so, that I kept feeling like I was in a Portland joint.
     Maybe it was the drizzle outside, maybe the multiple sightings of flannels and beards, whatever it may be, I was down with it.
     This place is simple yet legit.
     A new American Beer Hall is how they deem themselves and I like it.
   Started with a black beer mixed with pinot noir from Moonlight in Santa Rosa and it was super unique.
     Not bad but not something I would want multiples of.
     You can definitely taste the wine.
     Noshed on their bar ready *spicy* pork cracklings and they were incredibly light and sticky on the tooth.
     And spicy was a bit of an understatement, it stung like a mutha.
     I suppose they want you to order another beer.
   A salad of tender butter lettuce, chopped beets, hipster rainbow radishes and a nice blue cheese dressing is a nice starter.
     At $10 it is quite spittable.
   Zsa Zsa $14 is an amazing sausage sandwich.
     A Hungarian style which is like a kielbasa on steroids.
     Don't know if they make their own sausage but this was one helluva meat specimen in tube form.
     It was incredibly juicy and flavorful.
     Unique toasted bread, a fresh herb/oil spread and thick cut potato chips.
    Oh I'd grow a hipster beard for this if I could, but I can't, so darn it to hell.
   Hanger Steak $26 was spot on bistro fare.
     Tender bloody meat, blue cheese sauce, sautéed greens and potato gratin.
     Very assertive flavors and if you love beef, this will not disappoint.
     Only thing was it came out lukewarm and within a minute it was basically cold.
     But now with a dry hopped steam beer from Petaluma, all was good.
   Like the hood, like the brews, like the staff and like the food.
     What's not to like?!  This place is a total score.
   I am adding an update because I received a note from one of the other bartenders that I have never experienced and he told me to come back when he was working and apologized for the bad experience I had.
   I stopped in late for an after climbing beer and saw that he was behind the bar so I went in.
    I ordered a delicious beer, drank my beer and went on my way.
   I was impressed and very pleased by his service and have gone back twice when I see he is working.
    He is definitely the gem of that place and like going in for a late night beer when he is working!.
   The beer selection is excellent.
     The food, unfortunately, is mediocre and overpriced.
     I'd be there more often if the waiters weren't so snotty and on top of you.
     They'll get very pissy if you don't order food, even if it's early evening and the place is barely half full.
   I want to love this place.
    I live a block away away and I want to come, all the time, and to love it.
    However, due to the poor service I've received on more than one occasion and the clear lack of vegetarian/vegan options I feel forced to give a less than satisfactory review.
    I'm usually fine with ordering the hot pretzel, which to be fair is awesome, and having one (or two or three) of the amazing beers available, and call it an excellent night.
    However, on more than one occasion, I've experienced snobby and/or snarky service, which I find quite uncool (I've worked in customer service for over 20 years and know what it's like to give and receive genuinely warm, welcoming, and helpful service).
   I'll start with the good-often times I've had great servers who were attentive, polite, and top-notch.
    I've had numerous fantastic beers and beer suggestions and a handful of excellent salads and desserts.
    However, more than once I've come across employees who were were way less than helpful, and at times, snarky.
    Boo.
   Me on a Friday night around 6pm: "Hi, I'd love to grab a quick drink"Hostess (with warmth of of a rock): "There's no room at the bar.
   "Me: "Oh, see there's a spot by the window, can I take that [which they let me have any other night of the week]?"Hostess: "Some people are waiting for those.
   "Ok, I can't have a quick beer in the meantime? You can't say in a friendly tone, 'you're welcome to wait until something opens up.
   ?'Frustrated, I left and decided to go across town where I felt more welcome.
    I drove by about 15 minutes later (on my way to said place a cross town), and there was still no one in the seat I had asked for (I could see from the huge windows) Glad you keep it for them! (I would have been done, paid, and and out of the seat by then).
   My next experience: on a Sunday night in which I sit at the bar then ask the bartender if any of the sides are vegetarian.
    His reply: "Have you seen the name of this place? We can always make you a vegetarian plate if you wish.
   " Thanks, but why the need for a snarky opening? I could reply, and did: you are a business in vey hipster neighborhood full of vegans and vegetarians.
    It's unfortunate that you're not more friendly to those diets.
    He has the audacity to debate with me, which is when I start writing this review.
   On a positive note, when I'm done with my beer the seemingly manager apologizes for any negativity and offers to pay for me beer.
    Thanks buddy! You've kept the door open for another chance.
   Give 'en a try if you're there for a full, non-vegetarian dinner.
    You may really like it! And, if they shape up a bit and tune in to their local clientele and the general requests of their customers, I'll be back on a regular basis.
   Great service and awesome food.
    Have to admit that I was a bit weary going here with all the reviews about too cool for school hipster servers and I am happy to report that hipster is the only true adjective.
   We were a group of five plus one baby and they were very accomodating, making sure that we had the right spot where the kiddo wouldn't be knocked over.
   Food was delicious.
    We scarfed down the soft pretzels.
     Fried chicken was good but not amazing.
    True to the name, anything with a casing is worth ordering and order one of everything!.
   I think the food is outstanding.
     I have been known to be a less than adventurous eater so i must point out that everything I have had has had me in awe.
     Love love the always rotating, fresh craft brew selection and they have a couple wines that are de-lish as well as a sparkling for those not into beer.
   I must comment on the 2 star review:  You went to an establishment practically named "pork incorporated" and were surprised at the lack of vegetarian options?  And they preceded to tell you they are always happy to make a vegetarian friendly dish on order (I've overheard them offer this to people and thought that was very accommodating!) and you are still less than thrilled with their service?  And if the local clientele is not being represented with such an establishment, then why are they packed regularly and why did another butchery restaurant open just up the block?.
   Finally had a chance to try this place out as I don't live in the area.
    What a gem! We tried several items on the menu and all to a dish were superbly thought out, created, plated and delicious.
     My favorite by far was the charcuterie .
    all made in house of course.
   Beyond the food, the beer list is extensive and eclectic.
     From what the owners said, constantly rotating as well so I'd encourage frequent visits to sample them all of course.
    They also work directly with breweries rather than through distributors when possible so you know care is taken regarding freshness.
    If I lived closer, I'd own a "mug".
   And the atmosphere! Warm.
    Inviting.
    Family friendly.
    Not too loud but still fun and great for groups.
     The staff was very service oriented and the chef/owner is constantly circulating the room and ensuring everyone has a fantastic experience.
   The rapini here is arugalized in-house, and their delicious pea tendrils are wilted to order.
    Don't forget to slather the Yemeni skhug on your quatre epices for that extra kick of flavor.
   Tl;dr: the menu is unrelentingly pretentious, and using inductive reasoning, my party determined all hot dogs are indistinguishable from one another.
   The Hog's .
    .
    .
    .
   is a nice addition to the flourishing Beer Garden trend that is finally catching up to the rest of the USA.
     Yet this one the lacks the actual outdoor experience one would expect of a traditional Beer Garden.
     Nevertheless, there are many things to like about this one.
     Well, of course the beer selections are very satisfactory ranging from imports and domestics on tap.
     The food delights wells especially the Terrines or the Hogs Head Cheese and and the Charcuteries.
     Nothing too extraordinary here, but the mains and started complement the beer selection nicely.
     However, avoid the mostly unsparing sides like the Brussels sprouts,  etc.
     More time was put into describing them than preparing them, so theylive on this menu as an afterthought.
     The atmosphere is rustic, modern and pleasing ,but it hard to have a conversation here at the larger tables where you nearly have to yell to be hard.
     So if you want something quieter and more chatty, sit by the windows.
   Good food, great service, but this place is so incredibly overpriced.
     $27 for two tiny pieces of fried chicken.
     $16 for a tiny salad?  Totally ridiculous.
     But delicious.
   I'm from San Diego and this is my second visit to the Hog.
     Both times I have had an exceptional time!!  The customer service and beer selection are outstanding.
     The first time I was there Nicole took great care of this out-of-towner and I knew I had to go back.
     Megan in the bar was super awesome and she really knew her beer.
     She paired me up with a great beer that I probably couldn't have picked of myself.
     After that, Marie, Alice and Christy took over and things were consistently great from there.
     The rainbow heirloom was too good to describe in words, so you might want to go down there in person and try it for yourself.
     Every time I'm in Oakland Im stopping by for sure.
     Thanks for the extra Burrata guys!!  Keep up the good work!!.
   Returned for breakfast and was thrilled to see the Benedict back on the menu, this time with pastrami.
    Combined with the schmaltzy potatoes it is just amazing.
    And as previously mentioned the iced coffee is delicious, and you can't go wrong with a pitcher of mimosas with fresh squeezed OJ.
   service was ridiculously slow! I swear there was one.
    MAYBE two people working and the place was packed! I had the corn dog and I like mustard but that stuff was gross, wayy to spicyoverall just not my kind of restaurant i would recommend going just for a beer due to the large selection but the service would keep from going even for that.
   This is my friend's favorite spot so we've eaten here 3 times in the last two weeks and a dozen, or more, times over the last 4 months.
     The host and servers are always helpful, knowledgable and accommodating.
     They make most everything in house, so they can tell you about all of the ingredients.
      This has been super helpful over the last few weeks because I'm doing the Whole30 diet that requires I not partake in a whole host of ingredients (including no added sugar to anything).
     I've had the same super awesome server the last 3 times.
     She knows what I need and has been incredibly accommodating and helpful in working with the kitchen to help me eat there.
    My friend enjoys trying different beers and every server we've had has happily help him choose the best bear to go with his meal.
     I'm don't drinker beer but they've even helped me find one or two that I like (before I was doing the Whole30).
   If you're looking for friendly service, good solid food and a great beer selection this is a place you should try.
   Beer selection can't be beat, and a knowledgeable staff to guide you thru it.
     Menu is meat heavy as expected, and isn't approachable for everyone.
     However the flavors are incredible and every meal I've had there has been delicious.
     Great location for MacArthur BART and I'll be back soon.
   The food is amazing.
    Large hearty portions, really tasty and comforting.
    Great selection of beer.
    The service however has room for improvement - can never seem to catch the eye of the one server on the floor at 7pm on a Sunday (who whisked away our water bottle in an attempt to refill it, then forgot to return it until we flagged her down to ask about the bottle's whereabouts).
    The squirrely host is no help either - eyes only looking at the silverware he was setting down.
   Have now been to Hog's 3 times, and I have been beyond impressed every time.
    My fancy beer friends are always stoked with the selection of beers on tap.
    Being more of a wine girl, I really like that selection is as well.
    Food was DELISH! The summer gems salad was fresh and tasty time.
    The heirloom tomatoes were also super tasty, and the Italian Sausage KILLED IT.
    Go to Hogs, go now.
   Got there for a reservation at 7:30 pm were seated at 8:20pCouldn't hear or think beyond the noise and music.
   Fish dish was dry  and bland.
   Man, this place is awesome!! I came here for the first time a couple days ago and just had to go back last night.
    I found out about the Hog when I decided to Yelp for corn dog places around the bay.
    When this place popped up, I bookmarked it and knew that this place was going to be a winner (have you SEEN the pictures of that sucker?!).
    Located on the corner of Shafter and 40th about a block away from Homeroom, this place is a great location for a quick dinner or to catch up with some friends.
    During the visits, my girlfriend and I got to try their kielbasa ("Who's your Basa?"), corn dog, roasted peppers, and delicious as all-hell potato chips (that are fried in their own pig lard! Yes!!).
    The Hog has a hefty beer collection on tap with relatively lesser-known breweries.
    We met up with a friend and all got to try an IPA with wild rice, imperial IPA, several saisons and a couple of stouts.
    I don't recall the exact number of beers that they have on tap, but it's a very impressive number considering some places in the area only serve up about 10.
   If you're coming here for dinner, make sure to either make reservations or be prepared to just sit at the bar, which really isn't bad.
    The music here is BITCHIN, so prepare to eat good food, drink tasty beer, and groove to some dope music.
   Look, I know that as a vegetarian in a place called "Hog's Apothecary" (or "Hog's" anything else for that matter), I have little right to complain about a lack of food options not made from a pig.
     So I'll only note here that if you are a vegetarian (or keep Kosher or Halal), you are not going to find food here for you.
   We only came here for beer anyway, so I'm not holding it against them.
   The ambiance here is cool-- very Oakland hip.
     Lots of beer options, so, there's that.
     Greeter and server and person who finally brought our beers were very nice.
   But I was not that impressed with the beer we had in 2 different flights (so that's 6 different beers--multiple opportunities for good beer), and it took 15 minutes for someone to come get our drink order once we had sat down.
     We actually gave up we were sitting there so long and finally just went to the bar to order there.
     The place isn't that big and didn't have that many people, but it seems like they didn't have enough servers for the space, and so our nice server lady badly neglected us.
     It's two stars for me on this not because it's a bad place in and of itself but because for Oakland, it's a definite "Meh.
    I've experienced better.
   "  It definitely did not live up to the hype; neither, for me, did it live up to comparisons/experiences/and-mainly-the-beer of Beer Revolution or The Trappist.
   But I'm going to guess that if you like pork with random potentially-not-great-beer that this place is going to be the bee's knees for you.
     Or the pork knees, as it were.
   If you are a beer lover and find yourself in the area, I would definitely recommend stopping in here.
    The extensive (mostly local) draft beer list is impressive and is varied enough to keep the whole group happy.
    Our group of 4 started standing by the window while we waited for some seating to open up.
    We then sat at one of the large shared tables in the middle of the restaurant, where we shared a couple bits/starters and two of the house sausages (which are huge).
    Great/lively ambiance!.
   Sorry guys! Have always loved the food and amazing draft list but.
    Chill out on the rules.
    The last three times we've been there our experience has been soured by weird overstepping of bar/seating arrangements.
    I've invited multiple guests who've felt snubbed by this.
    I.
   e.
    tonight for my birthday after work our table was approached and I was told we were expected to spend more money on food not just drinks and would have been sat somewhere different.
    This was an odd and somewhat rude admission in light of each person ordering over $30 in drinks.
    I appreciate the attempt to keep the most efficient flow going through the restaurant but the second your patrons feel like pigs led through a feeding trough, you've lost an opportunity.
   I don't drink beer often but I had a fun time experimenting with the beer menu and having our waitress pick out drinks for me based on my preferences.
     The Harlot (a Belgian pale ale) was my favorite, and given that I overheard a few other parties ordering it, my sense is that it's a pretty popular choice.
   I enjoyed everything we ordered (pork cracklins, meatballs, summer bean ragout and mixed grill) except for the corn dog.
     The hot dog tasted overly smokey and burnt to the point where I couldn't really taste the cornbread.
     This was highly disappointing because I love corn dogs, but I still recommend coming here for the other dishes, beer selection and attentive service.
   After a rocky first visit (nothing to do with the food), I'm now a HUGE HOG FAN.
    The cod fritters were delicious.
    The fried chicken rocked our world.
    Service was charming and I really appreciated the owners reaching out.
    They've totally solved any service problem they had.
   Food:Spicy Pork Cracklin's - Don't get it, it's not very good.
     It doesn't taste like "real" cracklins.
   Belgian-Braised Pork Shoulder - This is a winner.
     For $27, you make the value proposition on this one.
   Choucroute Garnie - It's exactly what it is albeit I was expecting more meat.
     I think there were 4 meat selections and more saurkraut.
     A great plus is that one of the meats is their duck, which is DELISH!  If I compare it to others that I've tried, this lands on the bottom somewhere (That just means I've experienced tons of kick-ass Choucroute Garnie in my life).
   Beer:Yeast and Hops Flights - All good.
     This place has a great selection of beers and if they curate it as they described, extra kudos.
   Lowdown:I'll probably go back for the beer and the ambiance.
     The food and area, not so much.
     I would be here often if I lived in the neighborhood, that's how much I liked my experience.
     Some people will say that the food is over-priced, I can see that argument.
   Recommendation:MAKE A RESERVATION.
   Love the ambience annnnd it's in my 'hood.
    I'm going in a hike tomorrow so I wanted something hefty even though I am currently sans meat.
    So I ordered the Gem &amp; Jewels salad along with the Soft Pretzel.
    Sooooooo good.
    Omg, this salad.
    For reals.
    Not playing.
    The softness of gem lettuce, the sweetness of the persimmon, the tang of the pomegranate cut with the slight acidic tang of the crème fraiche dressing.
    but y'all don't hear me though.
    I'm sure many have waxed poetic about the pretzel so I'll just say, order it.
    Their beer menu is extensive and the staff is very welcoming.
   I ordered one of the sausage combos and it was awesome.
    The sausage was made and cooked perfectly, and the fixings, while not terribly appetizing to look at, were perfect along with the bun.
    The beer selection is great and I can always find something new to try.
    Despite being busy, service was quick on everything and the manager was also helping out and very responsive.
   I love this place.
    Their detail to their house made food,  fine local beers and wine is amazing.
    The corn dog is the best you'll ever have.
    It gets busy and some might say somewhat pricey, but well worth all of it! I've been here several times since they've opened and am always impressed.
    Thank goodness for fine food in Oakland!PS- they just started doing take-out; I cannot wait to eat a corn dog in bed.
    Yum.
   This is a cool hipster place - love the vibe here.
     If you like beer, it is a must.
     I am not a drinker but friends enjoyed it here.
     The hostess was very friendly to the wait staff.
     This is a place to share food and chat with friends.
     It does get kinda loud in here and you need to raise your voice to talk at times.
     The food is good.
   we shared 2 sampler appetizer plate and an entree.
     It was a good taste of all kinds of pork.
     The portions were good.
   not too small and too overly large.
   good size.
     The prices are decent.
     It is nice to have a gastropub in temescal area.
     With home run down the block and blue bottle opening near by, I am glad this neighborhood is up and coming with great eats.
   This is an awesome place for beer lovers - they just have an amazing selection of local beers on tap.
    They also have a selection of ciders, which I tend to order.
    Usually you can grab a seat at the communal tables, but you can also make reservations if you have a bigger party.
    I've found the food to be a little disappointing, with very few options for vegetarians be warned!.
   If you are driving to the neighborhood, do NOT leave anything in your car.
    No bags, no cell phone chargers.
     Your car WILL be broken into, and you will not get your stuff back.
   Okay, I swear, it took me a while to choose between 3 or 4 stars - I've seriously been going back and forth for about 5 minutes now! We ordered the mixed grill - I believe it was a mix of 3 different meats (a piece of sausage, pork belly/thickest bacon slab I ever seeeen) and a half of a small tiny bird (I think Cornish game hen??).
   anyways! 'twas delicious and utterly satisfying.
    Full of flavor and goes so gooood with the beer!OH YEAH.
   the beer.
    that's a whole separate story guys.
    this place has a FAT list of brewery-direct beers on tap.
    they are hand-selected and have a variety from all over the west coast.
    In addition, they're pretty knowledgeable on the beers they offer, so when in doubt, just ask for a suggestion.
    Now.
   the reason I gave 3 stars.
   the pricing.
    I mean.
   really, for a small ramekin of basically what we Americans know as "Corn Nuts" you're gonna charge $3 for less than a handful? AND.
   they're way too hard to chew, they might be better off sticking in a sling-shot and letting a kid have some fun.
    $6 for a regular pretzel.
    The plate we got, Mixed Grill.
   small tiny portions.
   was wrong for 2 of us to share, but THAT small plate was $28 :/  yikes.
   Another reason for not giving 4 stars was the attitude of the staff - mostly the hostess, the guys at the tap, and our specific server.
   so I guess that's the majority.
    they had this attitude that came off as if they were "too cool" or "too hipster" to help out and serve normal people coming from work that just want a good bite and beer.
    definitely felt like they're only welcoming to a certain and specific type of crowd.
   guess you need tats, an old leather jacket and a septum piercing to get the thumbs up for them.
    it's a shame, because I would've gone back for their food and beer selection.
   probably on a pay day since its kinda pricey , HAH!.
   Went by again for an early dinner on Sunday.
    No wait right at 5pm, but it seemed to get crowded around 5:45pm.
   This time we had a chance to sample more of the menu and I have to say that I was actually really surprised at how good the food was! I was prepared to support this place based on the fact that it serves good beer and is within walking distance of where I live, but now I can legit say it is worth seeking out.
   We had:- charcuterie sampler of pork rillettes, liver mousse, trotter terrine ($13 for the sampler of three).
    Quality: B+, Adesso is way better.
    Quantity: B, too much of the sides, not quite enough of the main bits, but for $13, it was alright- frisee and arugula salad with grilled peaches and humboldt fog toast ($8 I think?).
    Quality: A+, this was perfectly balanced and well-seasoned and the peaches were ripe and sweet.
    Quantity: B, the toast was kinda ridiculously thinly spread with cheese- rabbit &amp; pork belly salad with onion stuff and herb stuff on it, it came with chips and pickles ($14).
    Quality: A+++++ the sausage was incredible.
    I was really blown away by how good it was.
    Served on a nice soft roll that seemed a bit pretzel-like.
    I've eaten at Rosamunde countless times and I have to say, this sausage blows theirs out of the park.
    Seems like maybe they've addressed the "okra slime" issue for the pickled veggie side because I saw no okra and no slime.
    Quantity: B+ the sausage was decently sized but still for the price.
    B+- side of cheddar grits ($6) Quality: A+ hi I love butter cream and cheese.
    yummmmmm Quantity: B.
    come on.
    it's grits.
    you could give us more than 1.
   25 cups for $6.
   I've been here three times.
    Loved it the first two, really disliked it the last.
     They've changed the menu: they used to have a great salad ("visions of spring") which still shows up on their online menu but was no longer on offer last Saturday.
     The salad I had (which was basically the only option) called the "green machine" was a salty, gloppy mess.
     And worst of all, they "ran out" of the soft pretzels, which was 90 percent of our reason for being there.
    At 8 p.
   m.
    on a Saturday night - really??? Our less than helpful server offered us nothing as substitute (some of the potato chips that came with the dinner the people next to us had would have been good to satisfy the salty craving, but we didn't know about them).
     And our platter of three different salumi only had two.
     I guess they "ran out" of the third variety.
     Finally, our "medium rare" ribeye was raw: presumably they "ran out" of time to cook it properly.
   We love Hog's Apothecary- relaxed local vibe- great beer and cider selection - I LOVE the Graviva personally - their albeit more limited wine selection works even with their focus on draft and craft beer- food is sophisticated, interesting and the menu is always changing- service is always top notch - friendly and knowledgeable - they now have added brunch which is awesome :)- to date we have always been able to walk in and get seated - we make reservations about 50% of the time as it can get busy for dinner even early in the dining hour.
   The beer selection is great and fairly priced but the food selection is not.
    Well developed flavor with tragically pretentious ingredients.
    It is exactly what you should expect from a hipster joint in piedmont, $23 for a pork chop.
    The meatballs were the best thing on the table.
    Bring your horn rimmed glasses.
   Great beer.
    The staff is very knowledgeable and all I need to tell them is a type of beer I like and they find the perfect match for me.
     Love this place.
    I have not tried the food yet.
   I tried Hog's Apothecary for the second time.
     The food is very good but the service just horrible.
     I arrive famished on Sunday.
     Ordered the Clubber.
     Food arrived about 30 minutes later and the waitress once again quickly disappeared after dropping off the food.
      No apology or acknowledgment on the long time to deliver the food.
     No, "Can I get you anything else?"  No follow up with, "Is everything ok?"   Poof - gone.
     She delivered the wrong sandwich to me, though my partner's was correct.
     Horrible.
     It's such a shame since the food and beer is pretty good here, but not good enough to overshadow the down right poor, indifferent service.
     Sorry, not going back.
   When going to the restaurant of a friend for the first time, one prepares themselves to be polite, offering words of praise out of the sense of duty that comes with being friends.
     We caution ourselves not to be harsh or critical and generally keep any negatives quiet.
     After all, they are our friends and we'd expect the same.
   Thank goodness I don't have to keep the negatives to myself.
     as I couldn't find any.
     In fact, to say I was impressed would be an understatement.
   Brad and John have taken what once was a dilapidated laundromat with a seedy past and created a neighborhood gathering spot that is open, airy and inviting.
     I was at first slightly put off by the long tables and benches, as I generally prefer not to share my table with people I don't know, but I came to realize that it promotes conversation between strangers and contributes to the neighborhood feel.
     While the dining area is not huge, the high ceiling with exposed beams and open air skylight make it feel much larger.
     "Hog's" boasts more taps than I could get through in a week.
     They have beers on tap to appeal to any beer drinker.
     They also cycle beers in and out to keep the selections new and inviting.
     Now.
    on to the food itself.
     We started out with the warm pretzel for two with cheese sauce and mustard.
    ( One thing you must know before I go further.
     Nearly everything you eat is made in house.
     The mustard, the cheese, the sausage, the kraut.
     the exceptions being the buns and, if memory serves, the pretzel itself.
    )  The pretzel was hot and delicious.
     The house made mustard and cheese sauce were the perfect compliment.
     There's just no comparison between jar mustard and mustard made fresh that day.
     For my entree I ordered the schnitzel.
     It's really easy to overcook pork and make it dry.
     Not the case here.
     The breading was light, the pork juicy and while I used my knife at first, I ended up using just my fork as it was so tender.
     The arugula and warm potato salad only served to enhance the succulent pork.
     My dining companions ordered the 'Basa' with kraut and the Devil Bird fried chicken.
     I was raised by a German mother who made ( and at 70 still makes ) her own kraut.
    As much as I cannot believe I am saying this, ( Sorry, Mom ) the kraut at Hog's is better.
     especially thrown on top of a juicy and savory sausage with just the right pop from the casing.
     ( Sorry, Mom ) The chicken was juicy and full of flavor, but it's the breading that really takes it over the top.
     It's hard to describe, but there's a slight sweetness to it that, to me, was reminiscent of that first bite of a churro or a Krispy Kreme that immediately makes you want another bite.
     It's difficult NOT to want to clean your plate.
   I do have one regret.
     Only one.
     I didn't try dessert.
     We all surveyed the dessert menu, but after a great beer and amazing food there was just no room.
   I know I am a friend and friends tend to be biased so I encourage you to read other reviews.
     Aside from the small contingent of nay-sayers you will find that the overall rating of 4/5 stars is well earned and well deserved.
     It's worth checking out.
   A little spendy for what you get, but everything we had was great and the atmosphere and service was wonderful.
   We've visited Hog's a few times now.
     Every single time, we've received amazing food and exceptional service.
     We've left with happy bellies and smiles on our faces.
   The food was great, as were the beers.
     Unfortunately, the service was slow.
     Our server was new, and not super attentive or knowledgeable about the menu.
     Hopefully she'll hit her stride.
   I guess my main issue with this place is that it is not what I expected.
     They bill themselves as an "American Beer Hall", which to me means:- A large craft beer selection (check)- A good, informal place to gather with friends (nope-though the potential is there)- Maybe some inexpensive pub style food.
     However, when you walk inside, you are greeted by a hostess and added to the list for a seat at one of their community tables or bar stools along the window counters.
     The food is VERY EXPENSIVE for what it is, and the staff projects a major restaurant vibe, but the atmosphere is that of a bar.
   I'm really not sure what is going on here but its not at all what I expected.
   For about a year I anticipated their opening and ended up there on the first night they were open to the public.
     I've been back a few times, and it only seems to have become more restaurant-y.
     One positive thing to say, the beer selection is excellent and the price is right for draft beers.
     That said, It's not easy to get in for just a few beers (especially for more than 1-3 people), so I have ended up passing it up when going out with friends even though I live 3 blocks away.
   I really hope that Hog's will make up its mind, are you an up-scale restaurant or are you a beer hall? Right now you are somewhere in-between and it just isn't working for my demographic at all.
   If you're looking for a spot with tons of (mostly) local beers on tap, this is a great spot to visit.
    Death and Taxes is my favorite beer they have.
    They also have a small selection of wines if beer isn't your thing.
    The Grilled Greens starter I had there was meh.
    It was way too salty for me.
    I wouldn't recommend it.
    However, I heard the corn dog is amazing, i will have to try it next time I'm there.
    The Devilbird (fried chicken on top of some spicy garbanzo beans with chili oil) OMG.
    So delicious and perfectly spicy.
    So buttermilky and crispy! I love the fried chicken there.
    It never disappoints.
    Service is great there, I've never had any issues with the staff whatsoever.
    They're always nice and prompt! Also: be prepared to get a little cozy with other patrons, the seating is picnic table style.
   Great beer selection, corn dog and hot dog were ok but made in house.
    pate, rillette were on point.
    would def come back for some beer and pate.
   Kinda shocking to read reviews about how snobby the wait staff was, I found the service to be very friendly and helpful.
    As for the food and beer - YUM.
    The food was so flavorful, with fresh herbs and the sauce on the pork chops was unbelievable.
    Loved it so much, we asked the waitress if we could have some bread so we could sop up every ounce, because yes, we are hogs.
    The kitchen specially prepared some toast for us so we could lick the plate clean.
    The beer selection was good, the menu described the brews well and I was pleased with my selection.
    The interior is pretty cool, but can get loud.
    Looking forward to returning.
   If I could give this place more than 5 stars I would! There food and beer is fantastic! They have an industrial feel to them and sure its a hipster joint but that doesn't detract from the delicious food and beer!Recommendations: 1.
    Butchers coffer.
    Get all three, every time.
    Its worth it2.
    Lil Salty3.
    Any of their sausagesBeer: 1.
    The Butcher 2.
    Tunnel VisionGreat Job guys.
   Only tried the beers here so I can't comment on food.
    There was a great variety of drinks and the bartender was so nice to let me try several until I found a beer I was satisfied with.
    Sucks that its so hard to find a seat here, it seems like they could better maximize their space.
    Also the lighting in here was so dark.
    But overall, another trendy restaurant to hang out with friends.
   I'm a little biased since it's right up my street, but Hog's is a pretty special place.
    The rotating taps, solid food, and ambiance are great.
    Tried their brunch for the first time yesterday and was pleasantly surprised.
    Had the pork belly/beef burger and apothecary benedict at our table and both were very tasty.
    They also were open to showing the football game our group wanted to watch.
    Overall, a solid four stars, and my go-to neighborhood bar.
    Much, much better reason to come to 40th Street than Homeroom.
   Hot damn.
     We came here for their soft opening, and we've been coming here regularly ever since.
     The food: fantastic, inventive, and there's always something new.
     It tends to be heavy fare (even the vegetable sides and salads, which will frequently have an egg or lardons), but it's always delicious.
     We've tried things from every section of their menu and have never been disappointed (well, I didn't like their collards, but I'm from Kentucky.
     The kale, on the other hand, is always amazing).
   The beer: excellent selection of mostly local breweries.
     They generally have good prices ($5-$6, though watch out for the expensive Rare Barrel offerings), as well as a nice balance of beer styles, ranging from pilsners to Belgian Quadrupels, and thankfully not too many IPAs.
   The service: we've had one or two servers who weren't on the ball, but the regular staff is fabulous, friendly, and knowledgeable about their beers.
     I love that the owners are typically around, pitching in.
     They're really friendly if you get the chance to talk to them.
   The cons?  It can get loud at times, but that shouldn't be an issue if you go earlier in the evening.
     But that's a pretty minor drawback when everything else is so good.
   Just.
    meh.
    Pros: Big beer selectionInteresting menuCool vibeDecent foodCons:HORRIBLE service (waited 2 hours)Overpriced for what you getLoudI wouldn't go back.
    It definitely wasn't worth the $90+ dollars my husband I spent on a few drinks, an appetizer, and one entree.
   I LOVE the food and the beer list at Hog's.
    The service has always been good to above average in terms of speed, attentiveness and product knowledge.
    The house made sausages are great, the schnitzel great, the fried chicken so plump and juicy.
    The beer list has many styles from many great big and small California craft breweries.
    I would say there beer list rivals any beer hall in Oakland including the Good Hop, Beer Rev and Cato's.
    HOWEVER, they were spendy, $14 for a bratwurst, when I first started going there 1 year ago and now they are $17.
    They are served with  some homemade chips and a small pile of pickled veggies.
    Hog's like everything else in "up and coming" Oakland is darned expensive for modest portions.
    Beers have gone up $2/pint as well.
     I get they have high rent, need to pay employees a living wage and nothing is getting cheaper but my sense is these trendy dining houses are going for it because their clientele will pay whatever they try to charge at a cool place.
    I'll miss you, Hogs, but $17 bucks for a fancy hot dog and $7.
   50 for a pint of IPA isn't a good value.
    4 stars for beer and food, 4 stars for service and atmosphere, 2 stars for value.
    Average 3 stars.
   Hip neighborhood joint, with the usual trendy, expensive spin.
    I did enjoy the food, (yum!), and the beer, (good beer menu selection).
    I'd give the place 4 stars, but the value is lacking.
    $23.
   47 for a beer ($5.
   50), a side of bacon ($6?!) and a Brussel Sprout salad with bacon bits &amp; one egg ($10?!).
    It's too expensive to make it a regular stop.
   My friends and I had a good time.
    I'd go back.
   Awesome if you like beer, which we do.
    Also, beer + meat = amazing.
    Get the meatballs.
    Nice atmosphere, a beer hall, kinda romantical, actually.
    Bummer? The service.
    Awkward, lackluster.
     Although the server didn't really eat meat, they also didn't seem interested in the food or beer.
    No recommendations or knowledge about either.
    Which is fine - I believe I was far more excited, and we can both ride that wave.
    Also, the hostess was strange.
    If I worked there I'd own it  - its easy to make service industry customers who came to get drunk and spend money happy.
     At least at my job it is.
    This place has so much potential - can you imagine if the service was at the very least  - engaging? It has a casual vibe, but once you see the prices you'll be looking for some engagement, I promise you.
    Some other random cute staff would come by and be nice and fill water and I was grateful.
    The beer float is small, but very good.
   super excited about this addition to the 40th/broadway area.
    the service, the foods, the beer selection(!), the ambiance, the space, everything gets an A+!we got sat along the bar that is built around the perimeter of the pub, facing out onto 40th, and we had no complaints.
    our server was so on top of it, it actually took me by surprise.
    I'm just not used to someone checking in every 10 minutes, but this is what we experienced.
    we were not of want of anything.
    from water to new beers, she was there to make sure we had what we needed.
    and the place was packed.
    other highlights - the house made pretzels.
    GET ONE.
    the music was perfect, not too loud, but just loud enough that I picked up on one of my fave bands of all time - pavement, then some sonic youth, plus some other 90's-ish indie rock that I was definitely digging.
    parking as others have mentioned is a breeze.
    and it's also just a block or two down from the local record shop (1,2,3,4 go records), the cool mens shop - Pine &amp; Elder, etc.
    so you can get your shop on beforehand if you so choose.
    finally, I just need to add that I was more than just a little excited about their beer offerings.
    and I'm not even a huge beer drinker.
    the two that I tried - a dark chocolatey number  (coffee &amp; cigarettes by CellarMaker) and a local herbal beer that came recommended (a style I never even knew existed but one that I'm kinda dying to sample again!) completely blew me away.
    this is the stuff I expect from a beer institution like Trappist but not from the new neighborhood pub.
    yet, hog's is the spot I have a hankering to return to.
    asap.
    stop by before there's a line out the door.
    it's only a matter of time!.
   It was really tasty! I was very impressed with the beer selection.
    If I wasn't the one that drove I swear I would have tried at least 5 on the list.
    My friend and I split two of the sausage sandwiches and both were very good.
    The atmosphere is very hipster.
    They have a shuffleboard in the back.
    The seating is bench style where you'll be seated at a long table, possibly next to really obnoxious people that you have to just try to ignore and talk over and try not to look at and throw death stares over.
    (If I had that 5th beer I'm sure I would have become best friends with them.
   ).
   We feel happy to report we live only ten minutes away and can return repeatedly with no effort.
    A creative menu with fabulous execution, we have enjoyed everything we have ordered.
     The salads and starters are great.
    We loved their version of a Caesar salad.
    The sausages are fabulous with homemade chips and slaw, yummy.
    Their skirt steak and pork chops are incredible.
     Let's not forget a large on tap beer menu.
      Marvelous find.
   First met Tim as he was sourcing his ingredients from local farmers markets, a year ago.
     I still see him there today.
        Tonight was my first night to visit and eat, and I was not disappointed.
     I tried two starters, a salad and two of the sausage sandwiches.
     I could go on and on to say how the asparagus was cooked perfectly, the sausages burst with complex but not overwhelming flavors, and lard fried chips were crisp and light.
      But I won't, and just say that they have a large array of detailed local beers, and they craft their food with thought, care and precision from farm to fork.
       Yum!.
    Really cool atmosphere.
     I absolutely LOVED the music selection.
     Could've turned the music down  a little (it was a little distorted).
     Drinks were great, well priced.
     Friendly bar staff.
     I'd recommend to friends.
    Definitely a dive.
     Terrible DJ.
     And I don't just mean that they didn't play my kind of music.
    I mean that the music was all over the place: just when the dancing got started, the music would shift to something totally undance-able.
     But on the upside, it's easy to find.
     And there's a lot of seating, which I loved.
    The Night Light was quite the surprise discovery.
     I met up with some friends for a birthday celebration on Friday night that kicked off at Plank in Jack London Square.
     After finishing up a game of bowling, we were in need of a new bar for the rest of the evening.
     Luckily one of my friends knew about about The Night Light, so we made the short walk over.
     I was expecting a mediocre dive spot when we first entered, but my first impressions were corrected in short order.
    There is apparently an upstairs area that is used for concerts but we stayed in downstairs area.
     With regard to the downstairs portion of the place, there is a bar with stools that runs the length of the place, some more comfy seats along the opposite wall, and a DJ booth and small dance floor at the far end.
     I thought I was going to bumping into people all night long, but to my pleasant surprise, everyone was extremely chill and there was plenty of space on the dancefloor despite a healthy crowd.
     The DJ played a great mix of hip hop throughout the night.
     Ignoring an initial failed attempt at making an Old Fashioned, the rest of the cocktails for the evening were well-made and tasty.
     The drinks were also reasonably priced (3 for $24 before tip).
    If in the Jack London Square area and looking for a good place to dance and grab a drink, definitely checkout The Night Light.
    The Night Light might look divey from the outside, but the downstairs portion is great for large groups, has a lively, fun vibe on weekend nights, and offers decently priced drinks that pack quite a punch.
     The upstairs portion often hosts live acts for a modest cover.
    As with many Oakland establishments, it's the clientele that really makes things, and, true to Oakland's reputation, the crowds here are diverse and friendly.
     Worth a visit either for chilling out downstairs or checking out a live act upstairs.
    Oh, hello white people of Oakland.
     Are we cramping your 'style'? Oops.
     Concerning when a bar experiences an influx of a color unbeknownst to them and makes it completely obvious.
     Thank you, we hardly noticed.
    On the intro act, the power went out 3 times.
     I missed most of the headline act b/c i had to catch the last BART train.
     They couldn't hire an electrician to check the system first.
     :(.
    I come here mostly for The Hanging Garden nights, which I might add are now TWO FLOORS of all my favorite classic goth, new wave and synthpop (read: dance club!)  Highly recommend going early it does get packed but you will have fun and get sweaty!.
    My friend and I were in the bay area for the weekend.
     We were walking down Washington St and heard Michael Jackson playing, so we went in!Super fun night! Very chill and laid back, cheap drinks, great DJ and good times.
     Everyone who was there just wanted to have a good time.
     The bouncer was funny and inviting.
     If you're in the area, go and have fun!.
    The Night Light is a perfectly serviceable little bar, upstairs over another bar.
      There's not much to the venue, it's just one room and fairly small, but it's got that dive bar vibe that I like so much.
     The decor, the velvet wallpaper, and the dim lighting all give it a casually-classy speakeasy look.
     The staff and bartender were all friendly, we got our drinks quickly and the cost (for cover and drinks) was reasonable.
     The only issue I had was that the small venue size didn't really work with the event I went to.
     The venue atmosphere worked perfectly for the theme of the event, but there was barely enough standing room for the large crowd, let alone for the swing dancing they were advertising for the event.
     But that was more on the event organizers and not on the bar itself.
     Night Light seems like my kind of bar, a nice dark hidey hole to drink away a few hours with your friends.
     If I lived nearby, I could totally see myself being a regular at the Night Light.
    Came in here to kill some time to eat some sushi next door and ended up staying here longer than usual because of the great service and awesome vibes.
    JOHNNY is the man.
     He greets you as you come in, asks you what drink your in the mood for, let's you know what he has in stock, and makes the drink for you with great taste.
    The man even remembers my name and checks up on me to see how I'm doing .
     from the bar (as I'm seated from across the room)! Love this guy!Johnnyyyyy, you're the man, keep doin what you're doin.
    Loved the bartenders! They took shots of patron with me, little expensive, 10$ per shot but cool people.
     Laid back grungy hipster vibe.
     Music was loud and I felt at home.
    Went to The Night Light to a benefit show for a musician that was slain recently in Oakland.
     The venue seemed really small at first but it was a great night.
     No comments on the drinks or restroom since all I drank was water ( I was the DD) and never had to use the restroom.
     Just beware where you park!! I was lucky enough to end up in the parking garage and we found out that one of the bands vans was broken into before the show even started.
    It was a cool place to chill out after our job's X-Mas party.
      The dj had good music and I kinda forgot I was in Oakland.
    Cool ass people in there!.
    What a gem we found last night! Casual ambiance, no cover, great dj! Photobooth inside but it costs $5.
     Bartenders were nice and didn't have a poor attitude.
     The DJ was playing all the 90 hitters which brought us back.
     We were singing along and dancing.
     If this DJ plays every Saturday night, I wouldn't mind coming back.
    Cool place, great drinks, fantastic staff, and friendly environment.
     Will definitely be back.
    Fun place that I've hit a few times while going to concerts in Oakland.
      After about 5pm they have a DJ in the corner of this dark and leathery place.
      Good music, happy people, good drinks!Mixology is emphasized here with many artisan style cocktails at fair prices.
    I'll be back!.
    The Night Light is the worlds best bar.
     Epic vibe, good drink, truly a solid place to turn up.
     I left my card on the counter not knowing and one of the bar tenders ran it out to me.
     I think his name was Jason or Charles, either way.
     I will be back, but this time I'm bringing my Vape.
    Definitely my favorite bar in Oakland.
     Perfect for some casual after work drinks or weekend partying.
     The bald white dude (Jason I think?) makes the best margarita I've ever had.
     You're missing out if you're not drinking at The Night Light.
    I like this place well enough, but not my favorite place in Jack London Square.
     Last Friday is a good place to be and happy hour price is reasonable.
    Awe, My absolute favorite spot to go in JLS for an after dinner drink and dancing.
     They always have a DJ on the weekends.
     The photo booth is all kinds of fun.
     Cozy couches everywhere in the dark atmosphere.
     The bar area and staff is nice.
     Prices aren't too bad for JLS.
     Looking forward to being back soon.
    This bar seems like it has good vibe and a classy demeanor.
     BUT, the bad apple spoils the bunch.
     I got my change stolen by the bar tender Charles twice! The second time while I was calling him out for such a petty theft.
     His words exactly, "My bar, my money".
     I had good reason to file a report with the BBB.
     Lucky for Night Light owners I was talked down by the superior bar tender Casey.
     Casey not only made me feel comfortable, but returned my stolen change, and insured me Charles would no longer be our server.
     I honestly feel bad for Casey because he has to share his tips with Charles.
     I feel even worse for Charles because he did not even realize he had spoiled his bed enough to offer an apology.
     Customer service is not for everyone but when drugs, alcohol, and ego are in the mix things can become dangerous.
     I had a terrible experience but I would go back if I saw a hot enough girl in there, and poor Charles had been relieved of the stress of a front of house position.
    It's cool bar.
      Those kids who seem to complain, go back to the city.
      Many of us like it just the way it is.
     Chill music, chill staff, chill regulars.
    Great little bar that had Anchor Christmas ale on tap, nudie paintings in ornate frames, and a couple of cool Sunday night DJs that spun some goth and industrial tunes--yes, vinyl.
     Fun times.
    I read so many great reviews about this place I had to check it out.
      Reviews do not lie.
     The place is casual, relaxed, friendly.
     Awesome bartenders and DJ plays excellent music.
     Everyone there seemed to be having a good time.
     Highly recommended if you are from out of town or if you are a local.
    So.
     much.
     whiskey.
     Definitely more than I've ever seen in a dive bar - though I guess this is slightly above that, but not quite one of those pretentious mixology places yet.
     The bartenders are friendly, and took care of everyone, even though they were slammed on a Friday night.
     They checked back in with us regularly, and chatted with us to recommend different scotches.
     They know their stuff, but they don't rub it in your face.
    It seemed like the upstairs bar through the other entrance was for dancing, and downstairs is for drinking.
     Wish they did have a dance floor though, because they were playing great music.
     I'm adding the Night Light to my usual list (The Layover, Bar 355) for the perfect trifecta of bars in Oakland.
    I don't remember much about this place, except that I came after striking out at the other bars nearby.
     It seemed cute (and dark) inside and the drinks were fine (male bartender was super nice and didn't look down on me for getting 'beginner's drinks').
     What I REALLY remember was back to back fantastic 80's songs (along the lines of Fleetwood Mac) and having a great time.
     More people should go and get a better crowd assembled!.
    The Night Light is a quaint lil' spot in Oakland (conveniently across a Dominos).
     The inside is reminiscent of a speakeasy; red walls adorn the room with low lighting and black accents.
     I would say that this spot should admit about 25 people only to allow for ample space, but that's a guestimation on my part.
     Bands play a little too loud for this venue and I would say jazz acoustic music would be preferable (decibel-level wise).
     Overall, a-ok :).
    This place has upstairs and downstairs, both with bars, both accept cards, and both have good service.
      Upstairs also has a stage where they have live music, and the sound quality is surprisingly good.
      Parking is not difficult at night, it is easy to get to and from the freeway, and the cover of $5.
    00 is totally worth it.
      NOTE: The cover only is applicable to upstairs for live music, downstairs has none.
    This place reminds me of those timeswhen you are hanging on the front porch.
    Drinking with your friends.
    Having another one.
    And the fun never ends.
    Or as a kid when you are hanging in the alley.
    Drinking with your friends.
    Having another one.
    The fun never ends.
    Or when you are hanging out at Fest.
    Drinking with your friends.
    Having a great timeand the fun never endsAnd then that timeI was at the Night Light hangin' with Titograbbing some drinks and the fun never seemed to end.
    Until we were going down Broadway to grab him some cigsRho and Dottie show up for a good timebut so do the pigsSo we go back inside the Night Light for another drinkAnd the fun never ends.
    This spot turns out good drinks and seems to cater to a more mature (30s and 40s) clientele, at least on a recent Thursday evening.
     It can get loud, but hey, it's a music venue too.
    Cool and unpretentious pub near Jack London Square.
     They have a good selection of interesting cocktails made with some organic ingredients.
     The decor is Spartan leather and the music is loud, though offering a groovy mix, especially when a live DJ is present.
     The space has the feel of being a warehouse with some furniture and a bar, but it works.
    This place is classy, sexy, hip and overall amazing.
    Will always be my place to go when I need a drink and good company.
     Love you guys, keep rocking it.
    The Night Light (b/w Nation"s &amp; souley vegan) has been resurrected as a sensual drinking hole with brown tones, brown woods and stylish nudes on the woods.
    a relaxed mood is enhanced by the easy listening r &amp; b music.
     space isn't that big.
     you beat the rush by going to happy hours, every day, 4-8-well drinks(4)-draft beers (4?)-specialty drinks ($1 off)drink: gin &amp; tonic (4)-heavy pour, 1 1/2 oz gin, i hearlady from the sea (9)-rum, cane sugar, and ?just a sweet drink.
    on draught-6 micros on draft-bill, the bartender ,is cool, laid back.
    Night light, my you do shine bright! Tucked between Ginza and Nations on Broadway, not too far from Beer Rev and Souley Vegan, It's a stone's throw away from many favorite things.
     Five stars alone for the fact there's another stellar drinking establishment close to my favorite toasty crispy burger.
     For me, Night Light screams, "Ladies, drop your man off at boyfriend daycare (Beer Rev) and come grab a yummy nautical themed cocktail with your girlfriends!" Not to say that boyfriend didn't like it, nono, he did.
     But sometimes, dare I say, it's just not a beer night.
     And sometimes, after said delicious toasty crispy, I'd really enjoy a cocktail.
     The Night Light is brand new.
     Yup, mm that new paint twinge is still there.
     The interior is cush and luxurious.
     Dimly lit with lots of leather seating, it begs the question, is there a nautical wench waiting for a suitor upstairs? It struck me that the design is eerily similar to 355.
     The space, however, is much more open and conducive to lounging.
     I enjoyed the sound they had going.
     Boyfriend and I just stopped in for a quick cocktail on our way home.
     I tried and loved the Wild and Free.
     Boyfriend enjoyed his high on Rye.
     Both were 8 bucks each.
     Didn't break the bank although I wouldn't call it exactly cheap.
     They don't accept credit cards which is a little annoying but nothing we couldn't figure out.
     Night light, I hope you are here to stay.
     Especially if your co-owner Doug was serious about his promise of unlimited free drinks :).
    The owner doug really cares about this place.
     Although I didn't have the best experience here, I am willing to give it another try because doug really takes his work seriously.
    Had a few cocktails to celebrate by birthday after having dinner in the area.
     I was very surprised that this was here.
     I really enjoyed my drink and the furniture was nice.
     The decor makes this spot feel trendy.
     There are mostly dark colors and darker woods used in the decor.
     I also like the wallpaper and it was fuzzy.
     I only wish there was a little more ventilation, it was one hot summer night plus drinks was making it like HOT.
     This is a great spot.
    Really fun place that is off the beaten path of Oakland bars and is always a good stop after Merchant's or Beer Revolution.
     Lucy and Dougie keep the place going great.
      The happy hour prices are awesome.
      For some reason, the bar upstairs is run like a separate entity so each drink costs more so remember to order downstairs.
      Your drink will still be scientifically poured into the jigger and not an extra drop.
    The neighborhood already has some amazing beer spots (Trappist and Beer Revolution), so it's about time a cocktail destination opened.
    I sampled 3 or 4 of the house cocktails and all were great, nice atmosphere and service.
      Predictably quiet on a Tuesday around happy hour, so I hope that things pick up closer to the weekend.
      These guys deserve a crowd.
    Cash only right now, but there is an ATM on site.
    Part divey, part mixology, and full blown hipster.
      If any of those three appeal to you, definitely stop by for a drink at least.
      The venue is really small, but breathes character.
      Everyone from the owner, bartenders, and doorman treats you like a customer.
      Service is fantastic, and they often come socialize with you on less busy nights to make sure everything is up to par.
      This gives me hope that neighborhood divey places that serve mean cocktails are still around.
      You won't hear the "UNCE UNCE UNCE" of EDM or top 40 here.
      Instead you'll find ambient lighting and lounge rock playing.
      Awesome place to catch up with old friends.
      Drinks are definitely stiff.
    Wait staff is not pretentious at all.
    PROTIP:  They make an absolutely mean old fashioned.
      Their whiskey selection is definitely not shabby either.
    Night Light is a great addition to the neighborhood.
     It's a chill, unpretentious bar with a besuited doorman, good bartenders, good drinks, and really good music.
    I haven't gone to any shows yet.
    Classy! Lots of comfortable furniture and space (at least, there was on a weeknight).
     My bartender was kinda daffy but I wasn't in a hurry.
    Saw a show upstairs and really loved it -- the bartender up there was great, the lady at the door danced along, everyone was super nice and nobody was pretentious even though there's a big shelf full of rye.
    My group of friends and I (Oaklanders!) were stoked to check this place out on opening night.
      We got there at 8:30, so it wasn't that late into the evening when we showed up.
    The doorman was awesome.
      He was seriously the best thing about the night!  He gets 5 stars.
    The space looks really nice - the outside arches and fairy lights, the fuzzy interior wallpaper.
      That's 4 stars.
      Probably the worst thing about the experience was -- when we met the doorman, we were like "Man! This place is going to be awesome!"  We had really high expectations for what this place was going to be like.
      Plus, our group of friends loves really hard on the Oakland bar scene, and JLS, and were hopeful that there would be a reason to head this way a little more often.
    However, it was really disappointing in the sense that I, and I think most of my friends, really feel no reason to go back here.
      Hence, the 2 stars - "meh.
     i've experienced better.
    "The cocktails on the menu were good tasting (if they had been mixed properly), and similar prices as other bars we love (Chop Bar in JLS, Van Kleef, Make Westing, Layover, etc).
      So that was fine.
    But the service?  The bartender I got a drink from was okay.
      Only problem was that their first cocktail on the menu, the "Old Smokey" (something like that) was already unable to be made due to lack of ingredients.
      Okay, so it's opening night and they're learning, but wouldn't you want to have a lot of the stuff on hand for your headlining cocktail?My drink was okay, but it wasn't mixed up at all, just everything layered, so it got kinda gross cuz I couldn't stir it and so had to drink up all the sweet stuff first, then when I could stir it, it was unbalanced.
    One friend reported that his bartender was actually really mean to him.
      She was repeatedly shouting prices at people (in a not friendly manner, not in an "it's loud in here" manner).
      Also, for other drinks our friends got, the prices seemed to range wildly for the same drink - between $6-9 for the same drink within our group of friends.
    Later, when a friend returned to buy a drink for himself and his partner, he was told by a bartender that he couldn't order a cocktail.
      Even though cocktails are on the menu and the other bartender was making them.
    To be fair, they were probably just understaffed and overwhelmed.
      There seemed to be only two main bartenders, and one third who was partially making drinks and partially running around.
      But why go somewhere to get such disappointing service? You'd think that you'd want to pull out all the stops on opening night, or at least just be prepared with enough staff and ingredients.
      Or if you're not prepared, be friendly and gracious about it - smile maybe?  Most Oaklanders are understanding about shortages of drinks and staff, but not about being treated poorly.
      I'd give this place another chance (based on the doorman alone, actually) to hopefully make some positive changes after a crappy friday night opening.
     They're supposed to also have shows, which I'd go to check out.
     However, there are so many better options that have their stuff together in Oakland, so I'm not in a hurry to go back.
    To illustrate why not, a couple Fridays ago, same group of friends ended up at Van Kleef and the owner was walking around passing out several rounds of complimentary tomatoes with vinegar/sea salt to everyone in the bar.
      And it wasn't a special occasion.
      And there were a lot of people in the bar.
    There's a reason I prefer to stay in Oakland to go out and skip San Francisco, and unfortunately, the Night Light isn't quite there, yet.
      Let's hope they get it together.
    They have velvet wallpaper, leather man chairs and, at least when we were there, a propensity to lure people into many drinks followed by a late night Hulu marathon of Soul Train when you return home, maybe a bit drunk.
     In case you were unaware this entire scenario goes well with whiskey.
     Yes, they have whiskey and they know how to make it into delightful cocktails.
     All of this on their second night.
     Yes, I am looking forward to more of this good in the neighborhood.
    This place is great.
     Always good tunes spinning.
     Really good happy hour.
     Friendly bartenders.
     Great for after work.
    This is literally my girlfriend and my favorite night spot in Oakland.
     We go to shows here regularly upstairs and Doug always gets great acts to come.
     Once you walk into the place the vintage decor and mini living room setups make you feel right at home if you're looking for a cozy place to sit and socialize.
     The DJs are always on point and play the best music but don't go in here expecting top 40 because that just isn't going to happen.
     You can tell its just not a top 40 music kind of place.
     If you want to hear music you have never heard before or something that will bring you back to time in your life when you had a funky hair cut then this is the spot for you.
     The crowd always gets into the music and so does the staff.
     The bar is always making great drinks and have good recommendations.
     Doug is just the coolest guy most personable guy ever.
     He came up and spoke to me and my girlfriend while we dancing at the Brothertiger show and he even danced with us.
     We shared stories and hung out.
     He took us over to the bar and walked behind it to get us drinks and my face went .
     "Are you allowed to do that?" I said and he goes "Yeah.
     I own the Nightlight".
     The rest is history.
     All in all if your a Oakland local or an out of towner anyone can enjoy the awesomeness that is the Nightlight.
     Take all your friends here and introduce yourself to the kind gentleman who is their bouncer because he will remember your face.
     Go here if youre looking for a good time with drinks music and good people.
    At risk of perpetuating gender binaries, I'm going to go out on a limb and call this a man bar.
     Something I, even as a woman, crave from time to time.
     What makes this a man bar, you say? Well, for starters, the clusters of stately brown leather chairs and sofas that look like they've been stolen from the library of an estate.
     Sitting in these chairs makes you yearn for a pipe and scotch on the rocks.
     Then there's the flocked wallpaper, exposed old-timey lighting, and the portraits of nudes languorously hanging from the walls.
     What makes this place awesome is definitely the decor, but there's also a nice variety of liquors and friendly service.
     I'd recommend stopping by on a Sunday when it's not too packed to get a seat.
    Fantastic cocktails.
    Friendly and knowledgeable staff.
      And I love the decor.
    I am only speaking for the bar downstairs as I have never been to the upstairs venue.
    My little old lady heart went aflutter: Edison bulbs over the bar, velvet wallpaper, furniture with feet!  A bar tender with a Dali-meets-Cowboy mustache!! II ordered a whiskey ginger, and he sprinkled a little Worcestershire sauce on top--yum!! The doorman with a bulletproof vest was a teensy unnerving, especially after he clarified he just wore it because he'd been "shot at too many times.
    " All in all, a really fun, adorable bar.
    Went here recently for happy hour.
     what can I say? I'm a fan.
       Love the decor.
      On the day I visited, there were DJs playing good music downstairs, but the volume was kept to a reasonable level so you could still talk to your friends.
     something I appreciate.
      My cocktails were fantastic, and you could tell the bartender takes pride in his work.
      Seriously, some of the best cocktails I've had in ages.
      "I'll be back.
    ".
    Aptly named and well-positioned, the latest addition to Broadway's booming West End is definitely lighting up the night.
    From the stately facade with the carnival-esque lights and Wild Wild West signage to the warm glow of a slew of crystal chandeliers and wall sconces, The Night Light is beaming the modern-urban-oasis-meets-sexed-up-saloon vibe.
    With vintage details abound, like the cash registers, the lush, leather club chairs, the bordello-esque wallpaper and boudoir paintings, the distinct crackle of vinyl over the Hi-Fi, and their own version of Miss Kitty (Miss Megan) behind the bar slingin' high-octane drinks, it's like a step back in time that is right ON time.
    Makes sense coming from the former owners of The Ivy Room in Albany and Kitty's in Emeryville.
     It's not their first trip to the rodeo, they do seem to know a thing or two about attracting and keeping a hip and loyal clientele.
    Works out great for us Oaklanders.
     Now the Uptown Crawl merges with the Downtown Crawl with other great haunts like The Trappist, Beer Revolution, Tamarindo and Haven and the Oaktown party don't stop.
    Freaking awesome.
     The amount of work that these boys put into making this fantastic shows.
     Way to make Oakland even more awesome!! Can't wait to come here when they put the sexy ladies on the wall and when their music venue opens- just freaking awesome!!.
    Not too crowded for a Friday! Good drinks! Good DJ spinnin old school jams.
     Will definitely go back for a relaxed night out with friends.
    This place is amazing.
      I highly recommend for great music, vibes, and drinks!.
    I have been here 2 times now, both were really good experiences.
      We went for happy hour, I was thrilled at the whiskey selections! Tons of different types and a really interesting drink menu.
     The bartenders were both really nice and helpful and the interior is really nice.
    Pretty cool place (ground floor speaking since I didn't get a chance to go upstairs), it definitely gets loud when the music is playing.
      Bartenders are nice and the bouncer is friendly too.
      Comfy chairs and spinning bar stools and prices are reasonable.
      Lots of street parking but may have to drive around the block one or two times.
    This is really the only reason I go out after dark.
     Which, granted, still doesn't happen as often as it should - there are regular awesome shows here featuring a bevy of great local garage bands upstairs, and some excellent DJs downstairs.
     The decor is kind of stunning, the drinks are solid, the staff is a fantastic group of people.
     Usually I'm wary of places that separate the stage/venue from the bar because there can be a weird dis-congruity between crowds, but it works pretty well here.
     Even when there's a less-than-obvious show/DJ match up (like the psych-garage show with old-school hip-hop DJ night that'll pop up now and then) it still manages to feel comfortable moving back and forth, unlike the middle-school-dance complex many of these places can get (opposite sides of the room, *maybe* one or two brave souls crossing over to dance).
    And in terms of service, yeah, it's a bar, sometimes you don't get your drink immediately.
     But I'd rather be spending my Saturday night with good company and good drinks and good tunes than plop down somewhere where the bartender has nothing to do but sit in front of me and pour my bevvies.
     If I'm just looking to get drunk quick I'll stay home.
    Pro-tip: regular Monday-night stand-up downstairs.
    Pro-tip 2: AC Transit late-night free shuttle b/t downtown &amp; JLS.
    Pro-tip 3: Nations next door is open until 1, but no late-night breakfast.
    The hubs and I stopped in for an after dinner drink.
     I've did some research on yelp about this place and thought that this bar had a pretty cool vibe based on the interior pictures.
     The decor is pretty neat with a speak easy feel.
     Old leather wingbacked chairs and dark ornate wallpaper and wood paneling gives you the feeling that this is the type of place to enjoy a good stiff drink.
     As much as it looked old-fashioned inside, it's really eclectic in that they have live music and a DJ table.
     This probably is a great venue for bands to play because there's a lot of room.
     We went early on a Friday evening so I'm sure this place probably gets really busy later on, but it was kind of weird thinking that the speakeasy ambiance of this joint would soon be filled with hip/hop or rock music.
    but that may be part of it's eclectic charm.
     I would imagine that this place wouldn't be a great place to have a convo with a group of friends late at night due to the music they play, but probably for a happy hour style outing, this would be a good spot to sit and have a few cocktails.
     Although we really liked the ambiance of this place, the cocktails were ok.
     Their list of house cocktails looked really great and the couple that we ordered were good, but compared to some other bars that we frequent, they didn't blow us away.
     Overall, It's a nice looking bar that's probably great for seeing a band or listening/dancing to music while having some drinks.
    but if you're looking for a quieter lounge type atmosphere with a bigger selection of drinks there are probably other bars in Oakland that would cater to that better.
    This review is based on a happy hour visit and a Saturday night visit.
    Aesthetically, Night Light harkens back to the 1920s.
     The interior features a nicely finished wooden bar, and the alcohol is housed on brightly illuminated wooden shelving that frames a large mirror.
     There are a number of bar stools for patrons looking to gaze at the alcohol (or themselves) while imbibing, yet not so many that you feel you're rubbing shoulders with the stranger next to you.
     The rest of the surprisingly ample interior space comprises of a collection of comfortable (p)leather armchairs, loveseats, and side tables, all smartly arranged to accommodate smaller and larger groups.
     The walls are wood paneled above a 1920s era wallpaper style, and an attractive chandelier and a couple of other ceiling lights dimly light the space.
     All in all, it's an attractive, relaxing interior space.
    Night Light seems to be going for the small-batch, artisanal alcohol program, much like the other newer bars over in the Uptown area.
     The cocktail menu was solid, but no more interesting than the various other artisanal cocktail menus that are popping up like wildflowers.
     I ordered a drink off the cocktail menu (the name of which escapes me), and it was quite tasty yet unbalanced; the smokiness of the single-malt scotch overpowered the other ingredients.
     Either way, it was good enough that I ordered a second.
     I also had a decent Manhattan.
     Drink prices (cocktails ranged from $8 - $10) were very fair for a bar of this caliber.
     They also had some beers on tap.
    The service was very good.
     My bartender was attentive and very friendly.
     I observed him trying to serve people in a first-come, first-served fashion, which I always appreciate.
     A second bartender also seemed to have the right idea - she appeared friendly and efficient.
    Bottom Line: Night Light is a solid newcomer in an increasingly crowded and competitive field.
     While not without many merits, the drinks were not exceptional and (for me) it's a tad off the beaten path.
     While I will definitely return and have already recommended Night Light to several people, it's not among the "best" bars Oakland has to offer.
     Four Stars.
    Decided to give NL a second chance and what better time than around my birthday!  This time around was definitely better.
     Service was exceptional at this speak easy bar.
      They now accept all major credit cards.
     The music was a great mixture of hip hop, old school, and other great classics.
      The crowd was mixed which is perfect especially in the east bay and last but not least  the mixologist were definitely on point because the drinks are oh so tasty as well as  quiet a bit of a selection of drinks to choose from the menu.
     They do accommodate seating for larger parties and their is no cover which is a major plus!!  I could see myself being a regular at this establishment! Keep up the good work Doug and staff thank you I'll be back very soon.
    P.
    S.
     I cant think of the drink that the bartender made me it was something like Butterfly something, but that definitely should be put on the regular menu! DELICIOUS!!!! Try to order it next time you are there!.
    Bring Hiko a McRib and it'll be all good.
    great drinks, awesome atmosphere!.
    I just happen to be walking in the neighborhood doing some business with  a friend  and we just happened to stumbled upon this new whiskey bar.
     I was told about it just days before, because some friends were going around showing pictures and talking about this new spot that was just about to open.
     So, as we walk closer to the doors, just my luck it just happen to be open a.
     Before entering my buddy and I were greeted by the main architect who crafted the gorgeous bar that sits insides, he told "yeah we're open go on inside", so go on inside is what we did.
     I must say I was taken by surprise, it was a beautiful place.
     I can tell a lot of work has gone into this place.
     I remember what it used to be and it looks nothing like it.
     It has somewhat of a new beginning a new birth.
     We sat order a beer and quickly introduced to the owners.
      They were super cool and the service was great.
     We spoke about the selection of various whiskeys they had and we even sampled one, I must say it was pretty good.
      They were also very supportive of other local business and were advocates of bringing local business to the bar.
     To make a long story short, I wish The Night Light nothing but success and I see it becoming a staple in the newly renovated Downtown/Uptown/Jack London Oakland area  as a top place to go and visit.
     Cheers!.
    Went on opening night and was impressed.
      No frills, just good old cocktails and beer with a casual crowd.
      Priced similar to other comparable Oak bars,  imagine drinks will be served quicker once the bartenders are up to speed.
      I'll definitely be back!.
    Good drinks, good tunes, and good decor.
     The owners are nice folks and so are the rest of the staff.
     This is exactly the type of place I'd like to live next to and I'd love to see it stick around for a very long time.
     Just add a foot rail at the bar and it's perfect.
    Way to go in the Big "O" !  So refreshing to see the lively crowd and the friendly faces.
      From the Good natured Front door security, to the beautiful "bartend-ress", right on over to the DJ, spinning the vinyl, old school funk style.
      The atmosphere is part bordello, part disco, and all fun.
      They have spared no expense restoring this place and I loved every nuance from the beautiful Walnut wood bar,  the velvet and leather  embossed wall paper, the glitzy chandeliers, granite and tile in the uber clean bathrooms (it's a bar right?).
      By far and away the greatest addition to this neighborhood in many years.
      Stop by and say hi to the owners Oakland Johhny and Dougie Doug, thanks to them we have a new excuse to hit the town again.
      Can't wait to go back !.
    Had a fantastic time at the Night Light last night.
     My drink, the Old Smokey, was an awesome scotch drink that lingered on my tastebuds into the next day (which was a good thing)! If you're a gin drinker, the MT.
     Tamalpais gin is second to none! Great group of customers, and attitude-free bartenders.
     The music was a fantastic mix of soul, hip-hop and obscure jazzy remixes.
     5 big stars for the DJ as well! This is the Oakland bar scene I'm talking about.
    Really cool atmosphere.
     I absolutely LOVED the music selection.
     Could've turned the music down  a little (it was a little distorted).
     Drinks were great, well priced.
     Friendly bar staff.
     I'd recommend to friends.
    Definitely a dive.
     Terrible DJ.
     And I don't just mean that they didn't play my kind of music.
    I mean that the music was all over the place: just when the dancing got started, the music would shift to something totally undance-able.
     But on the upside, it's easy to find.
     And there's a lot of seating, which I loved.
    The Night Light was quite the surprise discovery.
     I met up with some friends for a birthday celebration on Friday night that kicked off at Plank in Jack London Square.
     After finishing up a game of bowling, we were in need of a new bar for the rest of the evening.
     Luckily one of my friends knew about about The Night Light, so we made the short walk over.
     I was expecting a mediocre dive spot when we first entered, but my first impressions were corrected in short order.
    There is apparently an upstairs area that is used for concerts but we stayed in downstairs area.
     With regard to the downstairs portion of the place, there is a bar with stools that runs the length of the place, some more comfy seats along the opposite wall, and a DJ booth and small dance floor at the far end.
     I thought I was going to bumping into people all night long, but to my pleasant surprise, everyone was extremely chill and there was plenty of space on the dancefloor despite a healthy crowd.
     The DJ played a great mix of hip hop throughout the night.
     Ignoring an initial failed attempt at making an Old Fashioned, the rest of the cocktails for the evening were well-made and tasty.
     The drinks were also reasonably priced (3 for $24 before tip).
    If in the Jack London Square area and looking for a good place to dance and grab a drink, definitely checkout The Night Light.
    The Night Light might look divey from the outside, but the downstairs portion is great for large groups, has a lively, fun vibe on weekend nights, and offers decently priced drinks that pack quite a punch.
     The upstairs portion often hosts live acts for a modest cover.
    As with many Oakland establishments, it's the clientele that really makes things, and, true to Oakland's reputation, the crowds here are diverse and friendly.
     Worth a visit either for chilling out downstairs or checking out a live act upstairs.
    Oh, hello white people of Oakland.
     Are we cramping your 'style'? Oops.
     Concerning when a bar experiences an influx of a color unbeknownst to them and makes it completely obvious.
     Thank you, we hardly noticed.
    On the intro act, the power went out 3 times.
     I missed most of the headline act b/c i had to catch the last BART train.
     They couldn't hire an electrician to check the system first.
     :(.
    I come here mostly for The Hanging Garden nights, which I might add are now TWO FLOORS of all my favorite classic goth, new wave and synthpop (read: dance club!)  Highly recommend going early it does get packed but you will have fun and get sweaty!.
    My friend and I were in the bay area for the weekend.
     We were walking down Washington St and heard Michael Jackson playing, so we went in!Super fun night! Very chill and laid back, cheap drinks, great DJ and good times.
     Everyone who was there just wanted to have a good time.
     The bouncer was funny and inviting.
     If you're in the area, go and have fun!.
    The Night Light is a perfectly serviceable little bar, upstairs over another bar.
      There's not much to the venue, it's just one room and fairly small, but it's got that dive bar vibe that I like so much.
     The decor, the velvet wallpaper, and the dim lighting all give it a casually-classy speakeasy look.
     The staff and bartender were all friendly, we got our drinks quickly and the cost (for cover and drinks) was reasonable.
     The only issue I had was that the small venue size didn't really work with the event I went to.
     The venue atmosphere worked perfectly for the theme of the event, but there was barely enough standing room for the large crowd, let alone for the swing dancing they were advertising for the event.
     But that was more on the event organizers and not on the bar itself.
     Night Light seems like my kind of bar, a nice dark hidey hole to drink away a few hours with your friends.
     If I lived nearby, I could totally see myself being a regular at the Night Light.
    Came in here to kill some time to eat some sushi next door and ended up staying here longer than usual because of the great service and awesome vibes.
    JOHNNY is the man.
     He greets you as you come in, asks you what drink your in the mood for, let's you know what he has in stock, and makes the drink for you with great taste.
    The man even remembers my name and checks up on me to see how I'm doing .
     from the bar (as I'm seated from across the room)! Love this guy!Johnnyyyyy, you're the man, keep doin what you're doin.
    Loved the bartenders! They took shots of patron with me, little expensive, 10$ per shot but cool people.
     Laid back grungy hipster vibe.
     Music was loud and I felt at home.
    Went to The Night Light to a benefit show for a musician that was slain recently in Oakland.
     The venue seemed really small at first but it was a great night.
     No comments on the drinks or restroom since all I drank was water ( I was the DD) and never had to use the restroom.
     Just beware where you park!! I was lucky enough to end up in the parking garage and we found out that one of the bands vans was broken into before the show even started.
    It was a cool place to chill out after our job's X-Mas party.
      The dj had good music and I kinda forgot I was in Oakland.
    Cool ass people in there!.
    What a gem we found last night! Casual ambiance, no cover, great dj! Photobooth inside but it costs $5.
     Bartenders were nice and didn't have a poor attitude.
     The DJ was playing all the 90 hitters which brought us back.
     We were singing along and dancing.
     If this DJ plays every Saturday night, I wouldn't mind coming back.
    Cool place, great drinks, fantastic staff, and friendly environment.
     Will definitely be back.
    Fun place that I've hit a few times while going to concerts in Oakland.
      After about 5pm they have a DJ in the corner of this dark and leathery place.
      Good music, happy people, good drinks!Mixology is emphasized here with many artisan style cocktails at fair prices.
    I'll be back!.
    The Night Light is the worlds best bar.
     Epic vibe, good drink, truly a solid place to turn up.
     I left my card on the counter not knowing and one of the bar tenders ran it out to me.
     I think his name was Jason or Charles, either way.
     I will be back, but this time I'm bringing my Vape.
    Definitely my favorite bar in Oakland.
     Perfect for some casual after work drinks or weekend partying.
     The bald white dude (Jason I think?) makes the best margarita I've ever had.
     You're missing out if you're not drinking at The Night Light.
    I like this place well enough, but not my favorite place in Jack London Square.
     Last Friday is a good place to be and happy hour price is reasonable.
    Awe, My absolute favorite spot to go in JLS for an after dinner drink and dancing.
     They always have a DJ on the weekends.
     The photo booth is all kinds of fun.
     Cozy couches everywhere in the dark atmosphere.
     The bar area and staff is nice.
     Prices aren't too bad for JLS.
     Looking forward to being back soon.
    This bar seems like it has good vibe and a classy demeanor.
     BUT, the bad apple spoils the bunch.
     I got my change stolen by the bar tender Charles twice! The second time while I was calling him out for such a petty theft.
     His words exactly, "My bar, my money".
     I had good reason to file a report with the BBB.
     Lucky for Night Light owners I was talked down by the superior bar tender Casey.
     Casey not only made me feel comfortable, but returned my stolen change, and insured me Charles would no longer be our server.
     I honestly feel bad for Casey because he has to share his tips with Charles.
     I feel even worse for Charles because he did not even realize he had spoiled his bed enough to offer an apology.
     Customer service is not for everyone but when drugs, alcohol, and ego are in the mix things can become dangerous.
     I had a terrible experience but I would go back if I saw a hot enough girl in there, and poor Charles had been relieved of the stress of a front of house position.
    It's cool bar.
      Those kids who seem to complain, go back to the city.
      Many of us like it just the way it is.
     Chill music, chill staff, chill regulars.
    Great little bar that had Anchor Christmas ale on tap, nudie paintings in ornate frames, and a couple of cool Sunday night DJs that spun some goth and industrial tunes--yes, vinyl.
     Fun times.
    I read so many great reviews about this place I had to check it out.
      Reviews do not lie.
     The place is casual, relaxed, friendly.
     Awesome bartenders and DJ plays excellent music.
     Everyone there seemed to be having a good time.
     Highly recommended if you are from out of town or if you are a local.
    So.
     much.
     whiskey.
     Definitely more than I've ever seen in a dive bar - though I guess this is slightly above that, but not quite one of those pretentious mixology places yet.
     The bartenders are friendly, and took care of everyone, even though they were slammed on a Friday night.
     They checked back in with us regularly, and chatted with us to recommend different scotches.
     They know their stuff, but they don't rub it in your face.
    It seemed like the upstairs bar through the other entrance was for dancing, and downstairs is for drinking.
     Wish they did have a dance floor though, because they were playing great music.
     I'm adding the Night Light to my usual list (The Layover, Bar 355) for the perfect trifecta of bars in Oakland.
    I don't remember much about this place, except that I came after striking out at the other bars nearby.
     It seemed cute (and dark) inside and the drinks were fine (male bartender was super nice and didn't look down on me for getting 'beginner's drinks').
     What I REALLY remember was back to back fantastic 80's songs (along the lines of Fleetwood Mac) and having a great time.
     More people should go and get a better crowd assembled!.
    The Night Light is a quaint lil' spot in Oakland (conveniently across a Dominos).
     The inside is reminiscent of a speakeasy; red walls adorn the room with low lighting and black accents.
     I would say that this spot should admit about 25 people only to allow for ample space, but that's a guestimation on my part.
     Bands play a little too loud for this venue and I would say jazz acoustic music would be preferable (decibel-level wise).
     Overall, a-ok :).
    This place has upstairs and downstairs, both with bars, both accept cards, and both have good service.
      Upstairs also has a stage where they have live music, and the sound quality is surprisingly good.
      Parking is not difficult at night, it is easy to get to and from the freeway, and the cover of $5.
    00 is totally worth it.
      NOTE: The cover only is applicable to upstairs for live music, downstairs has none.
    This place reminds me of those timeswhen you are hanging on the front porch.
    Drinking with your friends.
    Having another one.
    And the fun never ends.
    Or as a kid when you are hanging in the alley.
    Drinking with your friends.
    Having another one.
    The fun never ends.
    Or when you are hanging out at Fest.
    Drinking with your friends.
    Having a great timeand the fun never endsAnd then that timeI was at the Night Light hangin' with Titograbbing some drinks and the fun never seemed to end.
    Until we were going down Broadway to grab him some cigsRho and Dottie show up for a good timebut so do the pigsSo we go back inside the Night Light for another drinkAnd the fun never ends.
    This spot turns out good drinks and seems to cater to a more mature (30s and 40s) clientele, at least on a recent Thursday evening.
     It can get loud, but hey, it's a music venue too.
    Cool and unpretentious pub near Jack London Square.
     They have a good selection of interesting cocktails made with some organic ingredients.
     The decor is Spartan leather and the music is loud, though offering a groovy mix, especially when a live DJ is present.
     The space has the feel of being a warehouse with some furniture and a bar, but it works.
    This place is classy, sexy, hip and overall amazing.
    Will always be my place to go when I need a drink and good company.
     Love you guys, keep rocking it.
    The Night Light (b/w Nation"s &amp; souley vegan) has been resurrected as a sensual drinking hole with brown tones, brown woods and stylish nudes on the woods.
    a relaxed mood is enhanced by the easy listening r &amp; b music.
     space isn't that big.
     you beat the rush by going to happy hours, every day, 4-8-well drinks(4)-draft beers (4?)-specialty drinks ($1 off)drink: gin &amp; tonic (4)-heavy pour, 1 1/2 oz gin, i hearlady from the sea (9)-rum, cane sugar, and ?just a sweet drink.
    on draught-6 micros on draft-bill, the bartender ,is cool, laid back.
    Night light, my you do shine bright! Tucked between Ginza and Nations on Broadway, not too far from Beer Rev and Souley Vegan, It's a stone's throw away from many favorite things.
     Five stars alone for the fact there's another stellar drinking establishment close to my favorite toasty crispy burger.
     For me, Night Light screams, "Ladies, drop your man off at boyfriend daycare (Beer Rev) and come grab a yummy nautical themed cocktail with your girlfriends!" Not to say that boyfriend didn't like it, nono, he did.
     But sometimes, dare I say, it's just not a beer night.
     And sometimes, after said delicious toasty crispy, I'd really enjoy a cocktail.
     The Night Light is brand new.
     Yup, mm that new paint twinge is still there.
     The interior is cush and luxurious.
     Dimly lit with lots of leather seating, it begs the question, is there a nautical wench waiting for a suitor upstairs? It struck me that the design is eerily similar to 355.
     The space, however, is much more open and conducive to lounging.
     I enjoyed the sound they had going.
     Boyfriend and I just stopped in for a quick cocktail on our way home.
     I tried and loved the Wild and Free.
     Boyfriend enjoyed his high on Rye.
     Both were 8 bucks each.
     Didn't break the bank although I wouldn't call it exactly cheap.
     They don't accept credit cards which is a little annoying but nothing we couldn't figure out.
     Night light, I hope you are here to stay.
     Especially if your co-owner Doug was serious about his promise of unlimited free drinks :).
    The owner doug really cares about this place.
     Although I didn't have the best experience here, I am willing to give it another try because doug really takes his work seriously.
    Had a few cocktails to celebrate by birthday after having dinner in the area.
     I was very surprised that this was here.
     I really enjoyed my drink and the furniture was nice.
     The decor makes this spot feel trendy.
     There are mostly dark colors and darker woods used in the decor.
     I also like the wallpaper and it was fuzzy.
     I only wish there was a little more ventilation, it was one hot summer night plus drinks was making it like HOT.
     This is a great spot.
    Really fun place that is off the beaten path of Oakland bars and is always a good stop after Merchant's or Beer Revolution.
     Lucy and Dougie keep the place going great.
      The happy hour prices are awesome.
      For some reason, the bar upstairs is run like a separate entity so each drink costs more so remember to order downstairs.
      Your drink will still be scientifically poured into the jigger and not an extra drop.
    The neighborhood already has some amazing beer spots (Trappist and Beer Revolution), so it's about time a cocktail destination opened.
    I sampled 3 or 4 of the house cocktails and all were great, nice atmosphere and service.
      Predictably quiet on a Tuesday around happy hour, so I hope that things pick up closer to the weekend.
      These guys deserve a crowd.
    Cash only right now, but there is an ATM on site.
    Part divey, part mixology, and full blown hipster.
      If any of those three appeal to you, definitely stop by for a drink at least.
      The venue is really small, but breathes character.
      Everyone from the owner, bartenders, and doorman treats you like a customer.
      Service is fantastic, and they often come socialize with you on less busy nights to make sure everything is up to par.
      This gives me hope that neighborhood divey places that serve mean cocktails are still around.
      You won't hear the "UNCE UNCE UNCE" of EDM or top 40 here.
      Instead you'll find ambient lighting and lounge rock playing.
      Awesome place to catch up with old friends.
      Drinks are definitely stiff.
    Wait staff is not pretentious at all.
    PROTIP:  They make an absolutely mean old fashioned.
      Their whiskey selection is definitely not shabby either.
    Night Light is a great addition to the neighborhood.
     It's a chill, unpretentious bar with a besuited doorman, good bartenders, good drinks, and really good music.
    I haven't gone to any shows yet.
    Classy! Lots of comfortable furniture and space (at least, there was on a weeknight).
     My bartender was kinda daffy but I wasn't in a hurry.
    Saw a show upstairs and really loved it -- the bartender up there was great, the lady at the door danced along, everyone was super nice and nobody was pretentious even though there's a big shelf full of rye.
    My group of friends and I (Oaklanders!) were stoked to check this place out on opening night.
      We got there at 8:30, so it wasn't that late into the evening when we showed up.
    The doorman was awesome.
      He was seriously the best thing about the night!  He gets 5 stars.
    The space looks really nice - the outside arches and fairy lights, the fuzzy interior wallpaper.
      That's 4 stars.
      Probably the worst thing about the experience was -- when we met the doorman, we were like "Man! This place is going to be awesome!"  We had really high expectations for what this place was going to be like.
      Plus, our group of friends loves really hard on the Oakland bar scene, and JLS, and were hopeful that there would be a reason to head this way a little more often.
    However, it was really disappointing in the sense that I, and I think most of my friends, really feel no reason to go back here.
      Hence, the 2 stars - "meh.
     i've experienced better.
    "The cocktails on the menu were good tasting (if they had been mixed properly), and similar prices as other bars we love (Chop Bar in JLS, Van Kleef, Make Westing, Layover, etc).
      So that was fine.
    But the service?  The bartender I got a drink from was okay.
      Only problem was that their first cocktail on the menu, the "Old Smokey" (something like that) was already unable to be made due to lack of ingredients.
      Okay, so it's opening night and they're learning, but wouldn't you want to have a lot of the stuff on hand for your headlining cocktail?My drink was okay, but it wasn't mixed up at all, just everything layered, so it got kinda gross cuz I couldn't stir it and so had to drink up all the sweet stuff first, then when I could stir it, it was unbalanced.
    One friend reported that his bartender was actually really mean to him.
      She was repeatedly shouting prices at people (in a not friendly manner, not in an "it's loud in here" manner).
      Also, for other drinks our friends got, the prices seemed to range wildly for the same drink - between $6-9 for the same drink within our group of friends.
    Later, when a friend returned to buy a drink for himself and his partner, he was told by a bartender that he couldn't order a cocktail.
      Even though cocktails are on the menu and the other bartender was making them.
    To be fair, they were probably just understaffed and overwhelmed.
      There seemed to be only two main bartenders, and one third who was partially making drinks and partially running around.
      But why go somewhere to get such disappointing service? You'd think that you'd want to pull out all the stops on opening night, or at least just be prepared with enough staff and ingredients.
      Or if you're not prepared, be friendly and gracious about it - smile maybe?  Most Oaklanders are understanding about shortages of drinks and staff, but not about being treated poorly.
      I'd give this place another chance (based on the doorman alone, actually) to hopefully make some positive changes after a crappy friday night opening.
     They're supposed to also have shows, which I'd go to check out.
     However, there are so many better options that have their stuff together in Oakland, so I'm not in a hurry to go back.
    To illustrate why not, a couple Fridays ago, same group of friends ended up at Van Kleef and the owner was walking around passing out several rounds of complimentary tomatoes with vinegar/sea salt to everyone in the bar.
      And it wasn't a special occasion.
      And there were a lot of people in the bar.
    There's a reason I prefer to stay in Oakland to go out and skip San Francisco, and unfortunately, the Night Light isn't quite there, yet.
      Let's hope they get it together.
    They have velvet wallpaper, leather man chairs and, at least when we were there, a propensity to lure people into many drinks followed by a late night Hulu marathon of Soul Train when you return home, maybe a bit drunk.
     In case you were unaware this entire scenario goes well with whiskey.
     Yes, they have whiskey and they know how to make it into delightful cocktails.
     All of this on their second night.
     Yes, I am looking forward to more of this good in the neighborhood.
    This place is great.
     Always good tunes spinning.
     Really good happy hour.
     Friendly bartenders.
     Great for after work.
    This is literally my girlfriend and my favorite night spot in Oakland.
     We go to shows here regularly upstairs and Doug always gets great acts to come.
     Once you walk into the place the vintage decor and mini living room setups make you feel right at home if you're looking for a cozy place to sit and socialize.
     The DJs are always on point and play the best music but don't go in here expecting top 40 because that just isn't going to happen.
     You can tell its just not a top 40 music kind of place.
     If you want to hear music you have never heard before or something that will bring you back to time in your life when you had a funky hair cut then this is the spot for you.
     The crowd always gets into the music and so does the staff.
     The bar is always making great drinks and have good recommendations.
     Doug is just the coolest guy most personable guy ever.
     He came up and spoke to me and my girlfriend while we dancing at the Brothertiger show and he even danced with us.
     We shared stories and hung out.
     He took us over to the bar and walked behind it to get us drinks and my face went .
     "Are you allowed to do that?" I said and he goes "Yeah.
     I own the Nightlight".
     The rest is history.
     All in all if your a Oakland local or an out of towner anyone can enjoy the awesomeness that is the Nightlight.
     Take all your friends here and introduce yourself to the kind gentleman who is their bouncer because he will remember your face.
     Go here if youre looking for a good time with drinks music and good people.
    At risk of perpetuating gender binaries, I'm going to go out on a limb and call this a man bar.
     Something I, even as a woman, crave from time to time.
     What makes this a man bar, you say? Well, for starters, the clusters of stately brown leather chairs and sofas that look like they've been stolen from the library of an estate.
     Sitting in these chairs makes you yearn for a pipe and scotch on the rocks.
     Then there's the flocked wallpaper, exposed old-timey lighting, and the portraits of nudes languorously hanging from the walls.
     What makes this place awesome is definitely the decor, but there's also a nice variety of liquors and friendly service.
     I'd recommend stopping by on a Sunday when it's not too packed to get a seat.
    Fantastic cocktails.
    Friendly and knowledgeable staff.
      And I love the decor.
    I am only speaking for the bar downstairs as I have never been to the upstairs venue.
    My little old lady heart went aflutter: Edison bulbs over the bar, velvet wallpaper, furniture with feet!  A bar tender with a Dali-meets-Cowboy mustache!! II ordered a whiskey ginger, and he sprinkled a little Worcestershire sauce on top--yum!! The doorman with a bulletproof vest was a teensy unnerving, especially after he clarified he just wore it because he'd been "shot at too many times.
    " All in all, a really fun, adorable bar.
    Went here recently for happy hour.
     what can I say? I'm a fan.
       Love the decor.
      On the day I visited, there were DJs playing good music downstairs, but the volume was kept to a reasonable level so you could still talk to your friends.
     something I appreciate.
      My cocktails were fantastic, and you could tell the bartender takes pride in his work.
      Seriously, some of the best cocktails I've had in ages.
      "I'll be back.
    ".
    Aptly named and well-positioned, the latest addition to Broadway's booming West End is definitely lighting up the night.
    From the stately facade with the carnival-esque lights and Wild Wild West signage to the warm glow of a slew of crystal chandeliers and wall sconces, The Night Light is beaming the modern-urban-oasis-meets-sexed-up-saloon vibe.
    With vintage details abound, like the cash registers, the lush, leather club chairs, the bordello-esque wallpaper and boudoir paintings, the distinct crackle of vinyl over the Hi-Fi, and their own version of Miss Kitty (Miss Megan) behind the bar slingin' high-octane drinks, it's like a step back in time that is right ON time.
    Makes sense coming from the former owners of The Ivy Room in Albany and Kitty's in Emeryville.
     It's not their first trip to the rodeo, they do seem to know a thing or two about attracting and keeping a hip and loyal clientele.
    Works out great for us Oaklanders.
     Now the Uptown Crawl merges with the Downtown Crawl with other great haunts like The Trappist, Beer Revolution, Tamarindo and Haven and the Oaktown party don't stop.
    Freaking awesome.
     The amount of work that these boys put into making this fantastic shows.
     Way to make Oakland even more awesome!! Can't wait to come here when they put the sexy ladies on the wall and when their music venue opens- just freaking awesome!!.
    Not too crowded for a Friday! Good drinks! Good DJ spinnin old school jams.
     Will definitely go back for a relaxed night out with friends.
    This place is amazing.
      I highly recommend for great music, vibes, and drinks!.
    I have been here 2 times now, both were really good experiences.
      We went for happy hour, I was thrilled at the whiskey selections! Tons of different types and a really interesting drink menu.
     The bartenders were both really nice and helpful and the interior is really nice.
    Pretty cool place (ground floor speaking since I didn't get a chance to go upstairs), it definitely gets loud when the music is playing.
      Bartenders are nice and the bouncer is friendly too.
      Comfy chairs and spinning bar stools and prices are reasonable.
      Lots of street parking but may have to drive around the block one or two times.
    This is really the only reason I go out after dark.
     Which, granted, still doesn't happen as often as it should - there are regular awesome shows here featuring a bevy of great local garage bands upstairs, and some excellent DJs downstairs.
     The decor is kind of stunning, the drinks are solid, the staff is a fantastic group of people.
     Usually I'm wary of places that separate the stage/venue from the bar because there can be a weird dis-congruity between crowds, but it works pretty well here.
     Even when there's a less-than-obvious show/DJ match up (like the psych-garage show with old-school hip-hop DJ night that'll pop up now and then) it still manages to feel comfortable moving back and forth, unlike the middle-school-dance complex many of these places can get (opposite sides of the room, *maybe* one or two brave souls crossing over to dance).
    And in terms of service, yeah, it's a bar, sometimes you don't get your drink immediately.
     But I'd rather be spending my Saturday night with good company and good drinks and good tunes than plop down somewhere where the bartender has nothing to do but sit in front of me and pour my bevvies.
     If I'm just looking to get drunk quick I'll stay home.
    Pro-tip: regular Monday-night stand-up downstairs.
    Pro-tip 2: AC Transit late-night free shuttle b/t downtown &amp; JLS.
    Pro-tip 3: Nations next door is open until 1, but no late-night breakfast.
    The hubs and I stopped in for an after dinner drink.
     I've did some research on yelp about this place and thought that this bar had a pretty cool vibe based on the interior pictures.
     The decor is pretty neat with a speak easy feel.
     Old leather wingbacked chairs and dark ornate wallpaper and wood paneling gives you the feeling that this is the type of place to enjoy a good stiff drink.
     As much as it looked old-fashioned inside, it's really eclectic in that they have live music and a DJ table.
     This probably is a great venue for bands to play because there's a lot of room.
     We went early on a Friday evening so I'm sure this place probably gets really busy later on, but it was kind of weird thinking that the speakeasy ambiance of this joint would soon be filled with hip/hop or rock music.
    but that may be part of it's eclectic charm.
     I would imagine that this place wouldn't be a great place to have a convo with a group of friends late at night due to the music they play, but probably for a happy hour style outing, this would be a good spot to sit and have a few cocktails.
     Although we really liked the ambiance of this place, the cocktails were ok.
     Their list of house cocktails looked really great and the couple that we ordered were good, but compared to some other bars that we frequent, they didn't blow us away.
     Overall, It's a nice looking bar that's probably great for seeing a band or listening/dancing to music while having some drinks.
    but if you're looking for a quieter lounge type atmosphere with a bigger selection of drinks there are probably other bars in Oakland that would cater to that better.
    This review is based on a happy hour visit and a Saturday night visit.
    Aesthetically, Night Light harkens back to the 1920s.
     The interior features a nicely finished wooden bar, and the alcohol is housed on brightly illuminated wooden shelving that frames a large mirror.
     There are a number of bar stools for patrons looking to gaze at the alcohol (or themselves) while imbibing, yet not so many that you feel you're rubbing shoulders with the stranger next to you.
     The rest of the surprisingly ample interior space comprises of a collection of comfortable (p)leather armchairs, loveseats, and side tables, all smartly arranged to accommodate smaller and larger groups.
     The walls are wood paneled above a 1920s era wallpaper style, and an attractive chandelier and a couple of other ceiling lights dimly light the space.
     All in all, it's an attractive, relaxing interior space.
    Night Light seems to be going for the small-batch, artisanal alcohol program, much like the other newer bars over in the Uptown area.
     The cocktail menu was solid, but no more interesting than the various other artisanal cocktail menus that are popping up like wildflowers.
     I ordered a drink off the cocktail menu (the name of which escapes me), and it was quite tasty yet unbalanced; the smokiness of the single-malt scotch overpowered the other ingredients.
     Either way, it was good enough that I ordered a second.
     I also had a decent Manhattan.
     Drink prices (cocktails ranged from $8 - $10) were very fair for a bar of this caliber.
     They also had some beers on tap.
    The service was very good.
     My bartender was attentive and very friendly.
     I observed him trying to serve people in a first-come, first-served fashion, which I always appreciate.
     A second bartender also seemed to have the right idea - she appeared friendly and efficient.
    Bottom Line: Night Light is a solid newcomer in an increasingly crowded and competitive field.
     While not without many merits, the drinks were not exceptional and (for me) it's a tad off the beaten path.
     While I will definitely return and have already recommended Night Light to several people, it's not among the "best" bars Oakland has to offer.
     Four Stars.
    Decided to give NL a second chance and what better time than around my birthday!  This time around was definitely better.
     Service was exceptional at this speak easy bar.
      They now accept all major credit cards.
     The music was a great mixture of hip hop, old school, and other great classics.
      The crowd was mixed which is perfect especially in the east bay and last but not least  the mixologist were definitely on point because the drinks are oh so tasty as well as  quiet a bit of a selection of drinks to choose from the menu.
     They do accommodate seating for larger parties and their is no cover which is a major plus!!  I could see myself being a regular at this establishment! Keep up the good work Doug and staff thank you I'll be back very soon.
    P.
    S.
     I cant think of the drink that the bartender made me it was something like Butterfly something, but that definitely should be put on the regular menu! DELICIOUS!!!! Try to order it next time you are there!.
    Bring Hiko a McRib and it'll be all good.
    great drinks, awesome atmosphere!.
    I just happen to be walking in the neighborhood doing some business with  a friend  and we just happened to stumbled upon this new whiskey bar.
     I was told about it just days before, because some friends were going around showing pictures and talking about this new spot that was just about to open.
     So, as we walk closer to the doors, just my luck it just happen to be open a.
     Before entering my buddy and I were greeted by the main architect who crafted the gorgeous bar that sits insides, he told "yeah we're open go on inside", so go on inside is what we did.
     I must say I was taken by surprise, it was a beautiful place.
     I can tell a lot of work has gone into this place.
     I remember what it used to be and it looks nothing like it.
     It has somewhat of a new beginning a new birth.
     We sat order a beer and quickly introduced to the owners.
      They were super cool and the service was great.
     We spoke about the selection of various whiskeys they had and we even sampled one, I must say it was pretty good.
      They were also very supportive of other local business and were advocates of bringing local business to the bar.
     To make a long story short, I wish The Night Light nothing but success and I see it becoming a staple in the newly renovated Downtown/Uptown/Jack London Oakland area  as a top place to go and visit.
     Cheers!.
    Went on opening night and was impressed.
      No frills, just good old cocktails and beer with a casual crowd.
      Priced similar to other comparable Oak bars,  imagine drinks will be served quicker once the bartenders are up to speed.
      I'll definitely be back!.
    Good drinks, good tunes, and good decor.
     The owners are nice folks and so are the rest of the staff.
     This is exactly the type of place I'd like to live next to and I'd love to see it stick around for a very long time.
     Just add a foot rail at the bar and it's perfect.
    Way to go in the Big "O" !  So refreshing to see the lively crowd and the friendly faces.
      From the Good natured Front door security, to the beautiful "bartend-ress", right on over to the DJ, spinning the vinyl, old school funk style.
      The atmosphere is part bordello, part disco, and all fun.
      They have spared no expense restoring this place and I loved every nuance from the beautiful Walnut wood bar,  the velvet and leather  embossed wall paper, the glitzy chandeliers, granite and tile in the uber clean bathrooms (it's a bar right?).
      By far and away the greatest addition to this neighborhood in many years.
      Stop by and say hi to the owners Oakland Johhny and Dougie Doug, thanks to them we have a new excuse to hit the town again.
      Can't wait to go back !.
    Had a fantastic time at the Night Light last night.
     My drink, the Old Smokey, was an awesome scotch drink that lingered on my tastebuds into the next day (which was a good thing)! If you're a gin drinker, the MT.
     Tamalpais gin is second to none! Great group of customers, and attitude-free bartenders.
     The music was a fantastic mix of soul, hip-hop and obscure jazzy remixes.
     5 big stars for the DJ as well! This is the Oakland bar scene I'm talking about.
    Great dive bar with outdoor seating area - which is not a common thing in the Bay Area.
     Simple, straightforward drinks.
     As with all dive bars, the bathrooms are not that clean, but you know, deal with it.
     Also, there was a not-totally-stable seeming lady who was yelling at women in the restroom to get out of the toilet faster.
     The outdoor seating area is really nice with some full trees for shade during the afternoons.
     Also, they seem cool with letting you bring in outside food and there is a cuban place, pizza place and burger place adjacent to the H&amp;D Saloon.
    I would give this place zero stars and the Abusive Bartender badge if I could, after witnessing some rather horrific and disturbing behavior from a male bartender on a female customer that was 100% unacceptable.
      Been going here for years, but after seeing that, never going back again.
      Scary.
    Don't go to this bar unless you wish to be attacked by a bartender.
     One of the bartenders first ignored me, then when I asked for a beer, started screaming profanities at me and then actually put his hands on me and started pushing me around.
     I can only imagine that if I had resisted him shoving me around, he would've quickly escalated to striking me, since none of this was provoked in any way.
     I will never go back there again, even though I've been going there since they opened.
     My friends are all boycotting this place because of this asshole, too.
    Once a biker bar, now more hipster but the drinks are decent and the prices very reasonable.
     Nice outdoor patio.
     Only downside is everyone smokes.
     Oh.
     and cash only (although they have an atm)!.
    The majority of the people at this bar have been nothing but gracious and courteous to me.
     They've allowed me to bring in my dog, and it has been fine.
     Tonight, a bartender on duty, someone that I had met on other visits, was in rare form.
     He was discourteous.
     He was argumentative.
     He was mean.
     I think he was belligerently drunk.
     I have been a bartender and have managed bars and restaurants.
     You can check my yelp history and how often I have written Yelp reviews.
     Almost never.
     If interested, you can ask me which restaurants or bars I've managed.
     This sucked writing down one of my own, and I've never written a negative review of another bar before.
     It was simply the most offensively I've ever been treated in any bar or restaurant, ever, before or after working in the industry.
    I stopped by for the Prince tribute last week.
      Got there fairly early, just before 5pm.
     The CASH ONLY sign at the bar was an unpleasant surprise, and the ATM in the bar is one of those I just don't trust.
     Its connection seemed spotty too, as a number of people had issues with errors all in a row.
      I ended up borrowing cash from a friend rather than risk it.
     Decent crowd; not packed and not empty.
      The backyard was actually the fuller part because the weather was nice.
      My friends and I tried a couple of the drink specials which were Prince themed (either raspberry or purple, it seemed).
      Nothing too incredible, but we enjoyed them nonetheless.
      It's a dive bar, not a cocktail lounge.
      If you approach with that spirit, you'll have fun.
    CASH ONLY (only downside, besides the parking meters which are ridiculously expensive).
     $17 pitcher of Racer 5.
     Great back patio.
     I'll be back next time I'm in the area.
    Two words: dive bar.
    Personally, I'm a fan of the idea of dive bars.
     I mean, who doesn't love cheap drinks? I know that I do.
     Especially living in the Bay Area, anything that can keep some money in my pockets makes me pretty happy.
    Cash.
     Only.
     Ouch.
     I'm not someone who carries cash.
     That makes it so I drink less at places like this.
     It also has limited space inside.
     I tend to run cool, so I like to be inside which can be rough when it's busy.
    There's a pool table which is frequently occupied.
     I'm no pool shark but I enjoy putting my terrible physics and geometry skills to use.
    especially under the influence.
     It's always a good idea.
    So three stars.
     It's close and easy to get to but nothing super fancy or spectacular, over the top service.
     It's a dive bar so yeah.
    expect that.
    Dive bars are more my style.
      This spot has some real charm.
      Awesome outdoor patio and smoking lounge.
     All sorts of characters, friendly fast bartenders, cool decor, and just that nice fun weirdo vibe.
      Cash only!.
    like yelp said "Meh.
    I've experienced better.
    " I just don't feel safe or welcomed going into that place I will say the redeeming factor are the cute dogs just hanging out around their owners.
    Jumped to my Top 5 favorite Bars I've ever been to.
    Punk Bar with Pinball and great outside seating! Hell yeah! Service was good, prices were fair, and jukebox selection was On Point!.
    This place seemed a little too much for my style when I first saw it from the outside (as it looks like your average hard core dive bar, often with motorcycle groups hanging around out front).
     However I found it actually quite nice once I ventured inside.
     The area I like best is the back patio, which has a nice beer garden feel.
     I came here during the day but j can imagine it being a very poppin' place at night--it seems like a fun place to have drinks with friends.
     Will come back again at night.
    Cool place with a typical dive-bar vibe.
     Cash only so be prepared - I almost wasn't! Outside was probably my favorite - a fair amount of seating, and they allow dogs.
     The problem is that most dogs have owners, and some of those owners haven't trained their dog how to interact with other dogs.
    Good drinks, bottled beer is probably the best bet.
    it would be better with music at the Patio.
    And gentrification is complete.
      What used to be a laid back blues spot is now patronized by Hells Angels, never thought I  would see that at Lake Merritt.
      Gentrification : game, set, match.
    It's good straight to the point bar.
     I like to drink and they like to pour them, for a fee, of coarse.
     It's my regular waterhole for the past 5 yrs or so.
     They let you bring in outside food and it's one of the few places around that has a private patio to enjoy the nice weather and friends when the time calls for it.
    Note: Be sure to hit an ATM because it's cash only.
    I love Heart and Dagger, yep it is a bar, but it is also the super sweet spot to shoot pool by my house, plus you can bring in your own food.
    awesome! I came to the stairs in the front of the establishment and I looked up at them thinking, "Wow, how am I going to do this with one foot?"  The bouncer, Gary, was really cool, he helped get me up there so I could have fun inside with all the other bipeds.
    lol.
    There is always such a cool crowd at this place, no matter what you like.
      The juke box offers some really great songs, the kind of songs that remind you of moments in your life that seemingly make you smile.
      I think last night I heard an old "Wham" song that lifted my mood.
     We watched a ton of Raider fans playing pool and basking in the glory of their win last night at the Battle of the Bay.
      While the football game put my friend in a bad mood, the Raider fans were happy---let them have this little moment, it is not very often it happens ;)We attempted to go out to the patio in the back, and the ramp down into that area was yet another challenge for my one footed self.
      But none to worry, there was a guy working at that back area too who helped me get around.
      I have visited this spot for several years and have always had a memorable time--whether those memories be awesome, weird, annoying, ridiculous or fun, etc.
    I always leave with a memory.
      Heart and Dagger is always on the crawl list for birthdays, and pretty much the "stand by" for any night.
      We can play pool or pinball, listen to music, watch pretty disturbing movies on the TV, hang out in the patio, or just sit inside.
      I am sure to run into friends from the neighborhood at any drop in, so that is always cool when I am out solo.
      Stephani Smiles for HND ;).
    Great place to have a beer and chill.
     The outdoor patio is fantastic.
     I'd give it 5 stars, but occasionally the clientele can get a little.
     roudy.
     And not in a good way.
    The un-dive bar.
     I used to like this place, but the clientele is all highbrow now.
     I never liked that it was cash only, but I still love the jukebox.
     The last time I was there the skinny bearded doorman kept shouting across the bar to the bartender which was super annoying.
     I was unimpressed with his need for attention.
     Maybe early in the day this place is better but when it's crowded, nah.
     I was particularly amused by the weather-denying girl in the tank top showing off her tattoos as everyone else in the bar was in a coat and scarf because it was freezing outside and they had all of the doors open.
     Maybe in 1992 that would be impressive, but in 2016 you are one of many.
     Put your coat on, sweety.
     You'll catch your death.
    Terrible bar with terrible staff.
     Rude door people causing fights with new patrons, and that was before anyone had a chance to order a drink.
     Not sure how a business with such terrible customer service stays in business.
     I wouldn't come back here again if you paid me!!.
    Let me just say, I've been here only a handful of times.
      I don't come here enough.
    It reminds me of some of my favorite dives when I lived in the City, just wish I lived within walking distance ;)Great roadhouse atmosphere inside, and a chill backyard area.
    Awesome place to come any day of week.
     They pool tables and arcade games.
     Cold beer on tab and bottled with a place to drink outside.
     Mediocre pricing but they aren't shy on their pours.
    This is my go to dive bar in Oakland.
     Super chill vibe, mostly locals, and cool kids.
     There's a pool table, juke box and tables outside where you can bring the dogs, pizza and a board game.
    what's not to like??Drinks are decent enough, I recommend sticking to beer, racer 5 on tap.
    people seem to like the bloody Mary's and mimosa are perfect pre or post brunch.
     Love this place.
    I've been here late at night and have had a completely different experience than now.
     Today, we arrived at the bar closer to sunset and hung out on the patio with my $3 beer.
     The ambiance and other patrons were really mellow and enjoyable.
     It's cheap, so that is a plus.
     The bartender, however, seemed to enjoy taking out her life's disappointments on the customers.
     I would've rather served myself.
     It won't keep me from returning, just yet.
    My favorite bar in Oakland.
     They play great rock and roll inside, and the beer garden is a fantastic place to spend an afternoon, or play cards late into the night.
     There's tons of food in the neighborhood that you can bring in, and they're dog friendly.
     The pool scene is competitive and the table is better than average for a 'dive' bar (which the Dagger barely qualifies as).
     There's a great mix of people from East Bay Rats to local yuppies to SF expat hipsters and everyone gets along.
     It gets crowded but not too crowded.
    Just don't sit at the end of the bar by the men's bathroom -- you'll only smell urinal cakes all night.
     Unless you're into that I guess.
    All hail the Duke! It was by the gracious invitation of His Majesty himself that the girlfriend &amp; I came to Heart &amp; Dagger Saloon.
     &amp; what a lovely Dukedom it is.
    The Heart &amp; Dagger is sort of a dive bar, sort of.
     It's too well-lit inside to really be a total dive.
     It's divey in a hipster-ish kind of way.
     But the hipster to real people ratio isn't too high, so it's still cool.
    Full bar, impressive booze selection, nice cocktails, decent brews on tap, great Happy Hour deals, pinball/ video games &amp; pool table inside, dog-friendly patio out back, &amp; motorcycle parking right in front off the street.
     It's all good.
    We had a chill time time sipping a few drinks (but only a few, it's cash only here, I had loads of plastic but not a whole lotta green on me) &amp; watching Markus' reign of terror on the pool table.
     Until, at last, he was narrowly defeated by a very pretty young lady.
     Who says chivalry is dead?Heart &amp; Dagger Saloon.
     I like it.
     I'll have to return as often as possible to see the Duke, his fair Dukedom &amp; any other shenanigans afoot.
    Made my way over to oakland to meet up some friends at this sweet lil spot.
     Surrounded by plenty of parking and food it was a nice change up from SF.
     It is a cash only bar some come prepared.
     Full bar with some good beer on tap, and one dude holding down the fort on a saturday night.
     ( he was wicked fast).
     Outside is a sweet lil patio for a awesome place to relax and chat( bench seating) and the fresh air was great.
     The prices for drinks were right on, and no overly pricey with some good pours.
    Cheap drinks, outdoor space, punk rock music -- YES.
    You can smoke.
     Here.
     And drink.
     A nice well whisky and a good pour.
     Cash only.
     They check ID very professionally.
     The people who work there are people, not hipster asshats or attitudinal testosteronies.
     i like it, if you can tell.
     Ahhhhhh.
    I can see this place is going to be my favorite bar in East Bay.
    -Great bartender, totally personable and cool.
    -Cool door guy, huge laugh!-Great patio, the likes of which are hard to find around here.
    -Giant Lemons.
    -Good mix of all types at the bar, everyone in a good mood.
    -Drinks were reasonably priced and poured strong.
    -It' close to my house.
    Basically everything needed in a bar that's going to be seeing a lot of this face.
    This place definitely has the dive bar feel to it.
      I'm sure this is a good local hang out.
      What really appeals to me about this places is the outside area in the back.
      There are plenty of tables to sit at.
      Great place to go with some friends to relax with a beer and chat.
       Although it does get busy and filled up so no guarantee you will get a table.
     This is a casual grungy type scene so jeans and causal attire is the standard.
      I like the location and the vibe here though--super chill and relaxed.
      There are a couple pool tables inside as well inside.
      I'd definitely go back for a beer.
    "Oh, he's very popular Ed.
     The sportos, the motorheads, geeks, sluts, bloods, wastoids, dweebies, dickheads - they all adore him.
     They think he's a righteous dude.
    "-- from "Ferris Bueller's Day Off"A visit to Heart &amp; Dagger often reminds me of these words.
     As watering holes go, it may not be for every body, but it has a strikingly wide array of fans.
     And for us fans, it holds a piece of our hearts.
     The vibe is casual (read: 'divey'), distinctly Oakland, with a wild undercurrent befitting a David Lynch film.
     A biker bar only 'modestly' gentrified by neo-Oaklandites/wannabees/over-incomed geeks, to which I confess a partial complicity.
      The playground segments into roughly three arenas:  (1) Bar area, where the bees get their honey -- and the barkeeps, both efficient and commanding, do a great job keeping the drones and workers happy.
     Beer specials and shots of liquor are an excellent value, especially during HH, when my lovely Bulliet Manhattans are especially generous.
     (2) Patio, definitely favored by the dog-partnered and smoking clientele, and seems to collect the more regular patrons.
     Gossip is overheard, smiles are witnessed, wafting cigarette smoke is inhaled.
     Water from two giant ThermosTM coolers is free and easily accessed for both two and four-legged visitors back here.
    And then there is (3), the pool table.
      Where I learned, thanks to tutelage from billiards Maestro M and a few tips from other regulars, to now actually almost *not* suck at pool-playing.
      Back to (3) in a bit.
     For the bar en masse though: at its heart of gold though does push the tip of its dagger, as visits here have not always been a feel-good utopian experience.
     I've seen people verbally insulted or kicked out for debatable reasons by the staff (actually mostly just one staff member, whose shifts are minimal); heard obnoxious comments by drunk and/or loud bigots; spied sketchy characters sporting knives in their back pocket, and witnessed a few "lively" disagreements over 8-ball.
     Admittedly, H&amp;D is an onion with many layers, and not all those layers are pretty.
      The trifling edginess is in reality as much an allure as a downer, and a metaphor and microcosm of our world and city and a reminder that good or bad you're still a part of it so why not be a positive part or at the very least learn how to deal with it? In reality, I don't wax all philosophic like that when I visit here.
     Which brings us back to (3):  I do, truly, enjoy the regular pool players, and the competition and camaraderie I'm fortunate to have shared.
      I'm a square peg for several reasons in H&amp;D, but the bonding with other such pegs or non-pegs is the reason I love to visit.
     And on those visits, I get to practice my shot, nurse my bourbon, and inhale the simple sideways joys that life has to offer.
    Can one sum up H&amp;D in a single catchphrase?  "All for one, one for all, just watch your wallet and drink.
    " "You don't have to be a biker to come, but it don't hurt if you are one.
    " "A bar of inimitable substance and a multitude of substances.
    " Nah .
     screw that.
     Heart and Dagger defies an easy Yelp review description.
     And I'm guessing they like it that way.
     Just be chill, be respectful, be unorthodox, be free, and be yourself.
     It's not to be analyzed.
     Just enjoyed.
    If you like dive bars without the meth mouth, Sons of Anarchy watching patrons, Heart and Dagger will sit very well with you.
     (It's kind of not really even a dive bar, shh)They *are* cash only.
     There is an ATM with a $2.
    25 fee, but you get that back fast because their drinks are so stinkin' cheap-- and strong!There is a pool table room and (the best part), an amazing outdoor patio that is friendly to your cigarette smoking buds.
     It's kind of the perfect place to be on a summer night.
     Heart &amp; Dagger is a solid go-to bar in Oakland.
     Come here once &amp; you'll likely become a regular.
    one of my favorite places! cheap drinks, good people, a big back patio that is open late.
     Home made beef jerky, aweful/good movies playing and dog friendly.
     also hosted by some of the best bartenders/doormen you'll meet.
     Oh, almost forgot.
     they have three pinball machines (including walking dead) and a decent pooltable with a good/honest rotation of players.
    Love heart and dagger.
     My go to spot when I need a very laid back, wind down, kind of day.
    I drink too much.
      I came to that realization, drunk, during a disappointing pizza experience (why the fuck my bf drove us all the way to oakland for pizza who knows?)   What to do at 11pm on weeknight, drunk, concerned about how you will pay for Betty Ford and in Oakland?Heart and Dagger saloon.
    Sure, my boyfriend tells me he loves pizza more than me.
     Get me drink.
    Thank the Lord in Heaven he volunteered to DD.
    As Kevin B.
     mentioned, if the Zeitgeist is too far of a hoof to get to, then H and D will do.
      The back yard is pretty big and decked with communal tables for both large and small group outings.
      We arrived armed with IDs out (although no one, but NO ONE in my party looked even remotely underage) and was met with friendly banter from the door man no.
     1.
      At one point I couldn't find my friends--not like the place is really that big, so I blame jet-lag for my confusion--and went back out onto the street to look for them.
      Door man no.
     2 had all the charm of a TSA agent upon my re-entry not 2 minutes later.
      Maybe he thought I was some a-hole ABC cop trying to pull a fast one on him?  I wish the US could just lighten up a bit on ID checking, but I get why they can't.
      Anyway, this place is an interesting replacement for The Serenader, if, however, not in keeping with the vibe of that which existed for decades in this very spot.
      -a place where bitchin' BBQ reigned in the backyard and my white face was a minority.
    Great dive bar to drink at on a hot summer afternoon - The big back patio is usually bustling, but not too crowded to get a seat at a table (usually).
      Good beer selection, good service, good prices.
      Ive seen people set up picnics on the patio tables so it's pretty cool that they let you do that.
     Great place to hang out.
    Me likes.
      Outdoor patio.
      Everyone smokes.
      Everyone has a dog.
      Clean restrooms.
      Cash only.
      Good music.
      Pool table and PIN BALL!  Don't try to bring chicken wings from Hot wings with bones.
      Wilkie will not let you in.
      The dogs are very important.
    I was Chilling at the Slab when I get a Text from my Yelp Minister of Fun John Z to join the Posse at H&amp;D Saloon.
     So I jumped into my Whip Black Beauty and rolled to Oak town .
     I grabbed a parking spot right across the street.
      Tip 1 no parking lot just street parking.
    So I roll in and see John Z and Markus dominating the Pool Table.
     Anne Marie shooting Deer in the Arcade.
     Home Sweet Home.
     Yelp Posse in full effect.
    Nice Big Bar ,Friendly Bartenders ,LCD TVs for Entertainment and a Cool Back Patio for Summer Nights or Days.
    A wide selection of Beers and a cool retro Juke box adds to the Charm of H&amp;D Saloon.
    Great meeting Spot or a Friendly game of Pool H&amp;D is the place to be.
    Tip 2 They allow outside food in.
    This place is great.
     2$ canned beer and really nice bartenders.
     If you are looking to meet up with a group of friends this place has a really big patio with plenty of space.
     Also it is cash only, so be ready for that.
     Loved coming here and will be back.
    This is a neat, inexpensive, kind of gnarly bar in downtown Oakland.
     Definitely worth popping in! Don't mind the aggressive music and cool/weird stuff on the TV.
    Value for Money: 4 StarsCustomer Service: 4 StarsAmbience: 2 Stars (markdown for hipsters!)Location: 4 Stars.
    Heart and Dagger Saloon appeals to my mysterious and cheap side.
     everyday prices are cheap, HH is a bit cheaper.
    lots of entertainment options: pool table, pinball machines, video machines, juke box, flat screens.
     drink: gin &amp; tonic(4)-pretty strongguinness black lager(4)just so-soon draught:-happy hours(m-f, 4-7), $3 drafts, 3.
    5 wells -voted by bar 2011,  east bay express-voted best jukebox in bar 2011, east bay express-patio seating in rear-free parking under freeway after 6.
    -fast.
     smiling service-prepared to be carded-pizza, burger, wing food options nearby.
     .
    -many patrons wear leather and tats.
     clientele on the edge of heavy metal.
    This bar has a genuine rock 'n' roll atmosphere.
    Ah such a gem.
     My friend took me here to play pool about a month ago and now I go about once a week.
     There is usually rock music playing and something weird on the TV.
     However, If there is a game on then it will be on the TVs.
     They have pool and a couple of arcade games like pinball and buck hunter.
     They have an awesome outside patio with a bunch of picnic tables.
      You can take drinks outside and people can smoke out there too.
    You can bring your dog! There are usually at least two dogs in the place which is so awesome.
     CASH ONLY, but they have an ATM.
    No food, but there are food places next door and you can bring food in.
     Love this place.
    Well, my Yelp buddy Max has been going here for a while, and given that it's a six-minute walk from my house, I really have no excuse for not getting here sooner.
     Anyway, I've seen the light! This place is great.
     Pool tables are so rare here in NorCal! And a patio!And this place is right next to the parking are under the 580!.
    Decent prices, nice patio when it's warm outside.
    They allow dogs which is a plus.
    Good spot to hang low.
    It's a saloon.
    My head hurts, and it has nothing to do with what I drank last night.
      Water; I should start learning to drink more water.
      But what's a poor girl to do when a bar insists on serving her most favourite whiskey at such amazing prices??Heart &amp; Dagger - For years, I'd walked by this place too afraid of my own shadow to venture inside.
      Then one day, I came across a photo someone took of the outside and discovered that they kicked it up a few dozen notches on their curbside appeal.
      Then, The C.
     made me meet him here before showtime.
      Who knew that it would become a small trend?I now can proudly say that I overcame my misguided fears and have found a sweet little spot on the ever changing face of Lakeshore Ave to call home.
      This bar is perfect in its divey-ness, has a huge patio for perfect summer evenings, a nice little pool table that only costs $1 a game, and has an awesome jukebox that plays Flogging Molly and David Bowie!  Plus, the prices on the drinks are super inexpensive, and the bartenders are more than kindly souls that'll make you think of Cheers.
    You, too, should overcome your fears and check this place out.
      I feel myself lucky to have been introduced.
    Always fun.
    dive bar with a great crowd!!! Cash only FYI.
     Dog friendly which is cool and outside private patio.
    great place!!!.
    This establishment is hateful.
     I have never been treated so rudely.
     I bought one drink and tried to take a picture on my 21st birthday and the customers and employees were malicious in a creepy way.
     There was no wrong doing on my part, and yet my friend and I were assaulted by the bouncer and he tried to kick my friend.
     All we wanted to do was take a picture which we were told was okay, but the customers sitting around the mural were egotistical.
     Instead of the bouncer helping us get a picture he told us to take, he was on the side of the rude customer.
     We just wanted to have a good time but that's obviously not possible there.
     They were nothing but a bunch of creepy douche bags.
     Good luck at this bar.
     I would give this place 0 stars, if I could.
    When Zeitgeist is just too far away.
    The Heart &amp; Dagger Saloon wins on the name alone, but on a sunny day after a picnic on Lake Merritt, it's a great place to relax with friends.
     Like Zeitgeist across the bay, it's got a biker motif and strong beer on tap, along with a popular backyard for catching up with friends.
     This place also has pool tables and a well-stocked jukebox (also like Zeitgeist), so it's better designed for long stays instead of a quick drink, and the crowd gets friendlier as the afternoon goes on.
     If you're having a thirsty afternoon in the East Bay, quench here.
    Sooo ran to Heart and Dagger for a drink.
     After a long day.
     Stood there while the ex zz top member bartender serves about 5 people that came in after I did.
     he finally notices my 6'5 dude .
     And I "wave" to motion "over here" .
     Since I'm paying.
    He emulates my wave .
    extra dramatic then begins to reprimand me tell me to never wave at him again or he will just ignore me .
     I said well I just waved cause you asked the guy I'm with what he wanted and I'm buying sooo.
    He said NO SERIOUSLY I DONT CARE.
    I wish I had a drink in my hand so I could throw it on him.
    FUCK THAT PLACE.
     And especially THAT BARTENDER .
    I miss places where black people were allowed and treated with the same respect as the transplants .
    He felt completely justified coming at the ONLY black couple in the bar like that.
     Maybe I'm sensitive but really FUCK THAT PLACE.
     May it burn to the ground and be resurrected as the serenader again .
    One word for this establishment.
     RACIST.
     We are professional, well educated, LATINO couple in our 40's, born &amp; raised in SF and have lived in Lake Merritt for 10 years.
     We decided to have a beer on a Saturday night.
     The tattooed, black haired female bartender took our orders, delivered our beers.
    then THREW OUR CHANGE at us, for no apparent reason.
     Then the heavy set tattooed bartender says KICK ROCKS.
     For those of you who are not familiar with this term.
     Urban Dictionary definition: F*** OFF or GET OUTTA HERE.
     Shocked and utterly disgusted people like this exist in OAKLAND? REALLY? Thought we were imaging this, but Nope.
     Just read all the HIDDEN reviews, exactly the same.
     Bottom line.
     If you're brown or black.
     Don't bother.
     THIS ESTABLISHMENT TREATS MINORITIES LIKE GARBAGE.
    Still the most awesomest bar in town!Don't go with attitude and you won't get none, epic back patio and cheap drinks.
     Better like friendly dogs, if not don't bother.
     This is a super dog lovin' joint, if you fear them stay away and don't complain about them being there.
    consider yourself warned.
    Props to Suzy, Allison and Eric.
    damn the whole crew over there makes my day.
     Just pour me a strong drink, talk like a dirty sailor and I'm yours!A Quality, respectful stand up business.
    all haters can walk the plank!!!xoxo!.
    Great bar to play pool and just meet new people.
     Very pet friendly and easy going great jukebox music and a spacious outdoor seating area.
    pretty hipster bar a great improvement from the old bar it use to be.
    She suggested we meet at this bar in Oakland.
     I heard about it before and without context imagined it to be a seedy dive bar.
     I arrived first and sat at the bar.
     The bartender was nice, the drinks were very reasonable.
     My beer wasn't as cold as I would have liked.
     The crowd was definitely a varied mix of people.
     I walked around, and checked out the back patio.
     Then decided, this is cool place.
     My date showed up we had a few drinks.
      The bartender randomly brought us a couple of free drinks to taste.
     One thing led to another and we left together.
     (It must have been the Funky Cold Medina)I would definitely like to come back and recommend this bar.
    This is the only bar I like in my hood the bartenders actually remember who you are and always treat you friendly regardless of how busy they are.
     The mixed drinks are always good and the beers is always nice and cold.
      I always love when summer is around because it's fun to see what the guest keg will be.
     The music is always great and the movies they play on the background are always entertaining.
    Nice vibe and cool place to grab a beer and play a few games on a Friday night.
     They have a giant outdoor patio with tons of tables in the back and lots of arcade games and a pool table inside.
     It was kind of crowded when we went, so it took a while to find a seat and we didn't end up staying long enough to play pool but I would be down to come back and play a few rounds.
    Enjoy being able to sit out back and enjoy the beers.
     Friendly staff is always a plus.
    Soft opening tonight.
      Big Daddy on draft.
      Free Lanesplitter pizza.
      Great friends and deep conversation.
      If I didn't have a 10 month at home, I might find myself here MUCH more often.
      Wish you were there Ben.
     :(On the way out I saw local newsletter wordsmith Ken Katz.
      He was enjoying a Negra Modelo and surveying the territory.
      He asked me what I thought and said he looked forward to my Yelp review.
      This one is for you Ken!  Keep up the good confabulation.
      See you in the hood.
    If you like Lucky 13 or Lost Weekend in Alameda, you will love Heart and Dagger Saloon.
      Check 'er out!.
    One star for every sip of beer before my dog and I got booted.
    She was barking at another dog.
     Which I get is annoying and cause for concern.
     But she was only barking because she was leashed, and wanted to go greet the other dog.
     And she was only leashed because within a minute of walking in I was told I had to leash her.
     Which would have been fine and fair except that no other dogs were leashed.
     Which puts my girl in a weird situation where everyone else is meeting and greeting and she's tied down in a corner.
      Hence the barking.
     I kind of wanted to point all this out at the time, but it's been my experience that nothing good comes from arguing with bouncers, so we left.
     Which sucks! For the 3 minutes we were there it seemed like a cool little dive.
     We live around the corner, and I was hoping this could be our end up after walks around the lake.
    I've been there a few times and now I live a few blocks behind it so I'll be there a few times more.
    Trumer and a burger from next door.
    Kwik Way is theshit andthis place is lucky to be next door.
    It's a fine bar.
     Decent.
    Dog central park today in the back.
    But I got a burger and a beer,so nocomplaints.
    This place is cool if you are a trite, predictable cliché of a hipster / fauxpunk.
     If you like waiting 20 minutes for mediocre service and a can of PBR at 500% mark-up, please come on down to Heart and Dagger!Idiots are more than welcome to enjoy pretending at rebellion while leaning on broken, unusable pin ball machines.
    Don't forget that we offer a special discount if you are one of those girls with no particular talent and so you take your clothing off on stage assuming that means you're a burlesque dancer.
     Please hold your next "desperate for mom's attention" meeting here and get a free pitcher of horse piss! I mean Tecate!.
    I used to like this place!  What the crap happened?  The bartender wasn't just rude, it was some whole other level of maximum hatred!  Did she think I was someone else?  Someone who had stolen her husband, killed her dog, and burned down her house?  Because that's what it felt like.
      Damn.
    After eventually getting a beer, we head over to play the pinball machines and they are in such a sorry state as to basically be a total ripoff.
      Heart and Dagger, I can take a hint.
      You don't want me to come there and spend my money, so I shant.
    Okay, I admit I was only in here for 15 minutes, meeting friends before seeing a movie at the Grand Lake Theatre.
      However, for a dive bar it's not really divey at all.
     Yes, it's dark and has pool tables.
     But everyone is really nice and the place is clean and not skeazy.
     Not only that but there's a great back patio.
     There's lots of bike parking out front and they don't mind if you lock up onto the railing either.
     The bouncer didn't give me any grief about running in then out, parking my bike right next to the front door (I asked if it was okay) and then leaving again without actually getting a drink.
     Definitely recommended as a nice neighborhood bar.
     Drinks are inexpensive and stiff .
    Cash only is a  bit irritating.
    Only one toilet Plenty of seating outside .
    I felt comfortable here and I think that it was because everyone was so friendly and engaging.
     I should remember to visit that side of the lake for a more often especially if I'm in the mood for mustaches, boys who ride bikes , tattoos and a slick comb over, oh wait.
    that is like.
     all day , everyday.
     Welp, alrighty then.
    LOVE this bar!  It's charmingly divey, without being disgusting.
    unlike this one bar I went to recently who's name I will not mention where patrons just dropped trou' and urinated all over the bloody patio - sorry, but that's just nasty.
     I digress.
     H&amp;D's bartenders are hella' friendly and they pour heavy.
      Seriously, I can typically hold my booze pretty well and one $10 pint-glass-sized-long-island had me buzzing preeetty hard.
      There's a pool table that's almost always occupied by friendly people who are happy to work you into the rotation, puppies! (yes, puppies.
     It's dog-friendly), a nice outdoor patio for the smokers, tasty food just next door, a jukebox, arcade games, and an ATM machine (they don't take cards).
      It's really nice to have this bar within walking distance of our house.
      It's by far the best neighborhood bar I've experienced yet.
    For saving my arse literally.
     And having clean facilites.
    I had  Trader's Joes and was loaded up with my bags when the urge hit to use the Bathroom like super bad like Damn I wish I had on a Diaper Bad like I might have to take a shit right here right now on the sidewalk and be on the bus hella shitty- like ( and deeply deeply ashamed).
     I dropped my bags and rushed into the Bar praying it would be friendly and not you-gotta buy-to shit.
     I was id checked ( I do look like a kid) and raced to the bathroom.
     Praying no body else would have to come in cause the bathroom was super tiny with one stall and no way to pretend the stink wasn't emerging from me.
    And there it goes a female patron enters just as I uh let go.
     Can't help but smell that!-Sigh- Oh well I am grateful it went down this way and not on the bus (feeling deeply deeply ashamed).
    Well made, quality drinks with a cool dive bar feel.
     There's pinball and pool which makes it great for bro-nights.
     The patrons are stylish and friendly.
     I really like the back patio area.
    This place is very cool.
      Great drinks and service.
      Next time I hope to get a spot on the über-cool patio.
      I can't remember the last time I had booze and played the video game Galaga (spelling?) Anyway, I had a great time and will definitely be back.
    This used to be the go-to bar for my friends and fellow Bay Area Derby girls.
     It was our hang out, we've given them a lot of business.
     But then today after a beautiful sunny day and a skate around the lake we decided to stop in for a drink.
     We looked on the outside for any sign about "no shoes, no service" but there wasn't one so we went in.
     Two of us had shoes, I did not.
     We proceeded to order our drinks.
     We saw a cute dog sitting on a bar stool and gave it some love.
     I got my beer and then a manager type abruptly told us we had to take our skates off, so we did.
     My friends and I grabbed our drinks and headed to the beer garden in the back (me in my socks).
     I took a few sips of my refreshing beer and Miss Cranky Pants told me that I must be wearing *shoes* or I have to leave.
     I did not have shoes so I got my money back from my beer and left the premises.
     It's too bad the woman was so prickly.
     The woman could've been much friendlier and more professional in her approach towards us but she treated the three of us with such disdain that it left us confused and surprised about her behavior.
     There was no sign posted about shoes in the front (only a sign about a 2 drink minimum).
    they allow dogs in the establishment and they allow people to smoke pot AND there is no handicap access to the establishment.
    but somehow stocking feet is not acceptable? Would they ban people in bare feet wearing flip-flops? The rules just seem a little off and we certainly didn't deserve the rude treatment.
     Me, my friends, and the Bay Area Derby girls will not be returning to the Heart &amp; Dagger.
    Proud to say this is my neighborhood bar! Love the atmosphere, puppy dogs and staff!.
    I don't usually review bars, but I loooooove Heart and Dagger! Beers are yummy, drinks are pretty good, but the best part is the patio.
     People bring their dogs back there, it's awesome!We'll usually come here and chill in the patio, maybe play some pin ball, then move to the next bar.
     We usually hit up Lanesplitter Pizza afterwords because it's so closeby.
     Delish.
    Bah! This bar has so much potential.
     Yes! Go on a sunday and get mimosas.
     Sit out in the patio, and enjoy your day.
     then go wander to the lake and stare at the hobo geese eating cigarette butts.
    Noooooo, don't go on a regular night.
     the shape of the place is sooo weird and awkward, either you're in the way of the pool table or standing by a pole in the front, squeezed by the bar, or freezing in the back patio slowly absorbing lung cancer.
     I asked for a gin and tonic and got soda and tonic.
     talk about the most extreme of a buzz kill.
      Soda is the hill billy cousin to city gal tonic.
     Also, just because this bar is called Heart &amp; Dagger doesn't mean you get to be a mean jerk.
    I repeat, get week-end day drinks here.
    Cool, neighborhood-y bar with a lovely back patio area, a friendly staff and a great selection of beers and booze.
    There's good affordable food nearby and the place is usually filled with friendly locals.
    I dig it!.
    So, my friend just moved to the bay area from good ol' NYC, and we decide to have a night out on the town, to welcome her to Oakland.
      Granted, we're both tired and lame after a week of work, so a night out on the town ends up consisting of one drink then home.
    HOWEVER.
    My one drink was a super cheap aged Jameson, and hers was a super cheap PBR tallboy.
      WELCOME TO OAKLAND.
    We met my friend there whose pet pug (I'm sorry, he's a service dog, for real) is a regular at the bar.
      Seriously, he sits on a bar stool.
      WELCOME TO OAKLAND.
    We headed out back where it was beautiful outside, despite being the end of October.
      WELCOME TO OAKLAND.
    On the back patio, my friend starts getting agitated.
      I don't know why.
      I realize it's because half the people here are not just smoking cigarettes, and where she's been living, that's still illegal.
      I mean, technically, it is here too, but really: WELCOME TO OAKLAND.
    Heart and Dagger is a great dive bar located near the historic Grand Lake Theater, conveniently nestled amongst other eateries and shops.
    - easy going vibe- back patio- outside food friendly (you can bring your own)- dog friendly-  fun (pinball, pool table, juke box)- be sure to bring photo ID - i.
    e.
     license, passport.
     State law requires that every patron have one (even if you look 21+) otherwise they get fined big time.
    - cash only (ATM on the premises).
    CASH ONLY! cool patio in the back and cool staff.
     nice local hang out.
     it's very low key and chill.
     i'd go back if i was in the area and it was happy hour.
    Went on a whim after a friend recommed the place to me.
    I had a great time.
     and too much to drink.
    lol.
     they ordered me a cab and someone offered to move my car for me since they had street sweeping early the next morning.
    what a nice thing to do.
    I would totally go back the vibe was pretty cool and the bartender was great.
    biker looking guy with a goatee.
    I'd like to give props but, I can't remember his name.
    Had a great time.
    Well, this was a fun night!  A little dive-y, dark, and grungy, but I live down the street and have always wanted to see inside!  I ended up getting a mimosa for 4$ (I think.
    ) which was pretty good.
      The back patio is pretty cool, but I couldn't stay long because it was beyond freezing the night I went.
      Also, do you think it might be a good idea to put lights outside?  Or, more lights outside?  I mean, its cool and all to sit and drink in the dark.
     but more fun to see the person you came with!  I really prefer the two seater RIGHT by the windows inside by the bar- so quaint and cozy!I read they once had a mechanical bull.
     am I wrong?  If they did, crowds would multiply, and I would be there every Sat!.
    Decent place, but the bartender could certainly have been less of a bitch.
    What other bar would explicitly say on their website that their mission is to have cheap drinks with no cover?Hey, Yelp stalkers (that are dwindling in numbers every day)! Want to stalk for reals? I'm here every Friday without fail because this bar is so freaking awesome.
     Though it's not on the ridiculously cheap Happy Hour special list ($3 drafts and well drinks), their Dirty Martinis are some of the best I've ever had (still at a super cheap price!).
    Do yourself a favor and get there early to snag a seat on the outdoor patio under the lemon tree.
     The Heart and Dagger has friendly service (I need not mention their predecessors), friendly patrons, and an all together relaxed and fun vibe.
     Cash only, and watch out.
     I'll probably steal your seat on the patio.
    Eek! Methinks not.
    That's exactly how I feel about this place, and the bartender helped out with that feeling.
      By the way this is no Zeitgeist!  That's like calling Taco Bell authentic Mexican.
      Anyway.
    Me and my lady walked in Sunday late evening around 7ish not packed but there was people.
      I thought the layout was nice, games are cool, and yes the Jukebox is the God of Heart and Dagger.
      Trust me if it weren't for that jukebox they might have got 1 star.
      Ordered tequila with club soda and a bloody mary for the first round.
      Hmmm I've had better and I wasn't feeling the bartenders dry attitude.
      It's not like I wanted her to do cart wheels but damn girl smile at least.
      We stepped outside to feel the vibe out there since there wasn't much of a vibe at the bar.
      Beautiful lemon tree, plenty of awkward seating, and a big bummer is you can't hear the music outside.
      We decided one more drink and depending on the bartenders attitude we would decide if we where going to stay or leave.
    Shot of Fernet please and one more tequila with club soda.
      I received what seemed like half a shot for 6 bucks and a half ass thanks.
      The guy next to me ordered a shot of Fernet too and it was beyond obvious his shot was double what was in my glass.
      Whatevs I finished my shot and left.
      You guys can all have this place cause it ain't fulfilling my drunk lover needs.
    From the outside, it looks like someone simply converted their quaint little house into a public bar.
     Inside is a bit more rock n roll, loud music and pool.
     $2 PBR tallies make pretty much any hole in the wall a worthwhile stop for a drink or two.
     The back patio is perfect for a summer evening but gets crowded fast as most of the room out there is taken by tables.
     Dog friendly despite not having the friendliest of dogs.
    You know what I like? Booze.
     You know what else I like? A bar that will give me said booze at a price that won't break my wallet (Ummmm, hello? Uptown? Your $8.
    00 Maker's shot can eat a bag of dicks.
    )This place is totally going to hit five stars soon.
     There are still a lot of small details that are getting worked out but you know what? The owners are hands on and working on them.
     I see them there almost every single night greeting people, talking to them about improvements.
     hell, I even saw one of them leave their guests they had come in with to help one of their bartenders who had gotten slammed and lost in the weeds.
    I've read the accusations of this place being racist and I just don't know what the hell you people are talking about.
     I can go on about it but giving it any more space than two sentences is giving credence to a line of bullshit that is just reDONKulous.
     There are few places in Oakland that I've found that allow me to feel comfortable with a wide array of friends.
     I can have this as my place to start the night, spend the night, or end the night.
     Oh - did I mention that Lanesplitters usually drops off pizza when they close? Yeah.
     free drunk food.
     All you one-star givers can join to Uptown on eating their bag of dicks.
    I knew I would like this place when this was on the juke box while I entered youtube.
    com/watch?v=BIvk… There was once a time when this place was the Serenader and that place scared the daylights out of me.
     The patrons would shout at me when I walked past and I figured that heckling/intimidating patrons with the potential to scare off customers and I totally wrote about it on Yelp and it was #$%&amp;ING FLAGGED AND REMOVED because I violated TOS.
     Well, ha, it took two years for them to pull it.
     And, well, ha, MICHELLE S.
     WILL NOT BE SILENCED! HAHAHAHA!Sorry.
    Anyway, some time ago, I reviewed Zietgiest and was so pissed that the patios seemed to be in SF rather than in the warmer climate of Oakland.
    Guess what! Enter Heart and Dagger Saloon! I finally stumbled in to check this place out yesterday afternoon (they open at noon or 1 pm on the weekends) and it was a very great anti-brunch and anti-farmer's market thing to do.
     The patrons are very talkative and approachable.
     The staff is super friendly and efficient.
     They have an impressive bourbon collection and two types of sangria.
     And, most importantly, a back patio.
    Now if the Oakland Tamale guy would stop doing the Telegraph bars and come here instead.
    Heart and Dagger.
     The name says it all.
     The best thing about this bar is they have cheap drinks and they have a back patio.
     I'm not a fan of going to bars where you can bring dogs.
     I'm from the super duper old school.
     Dogs should stay their little furry butts at home.
     As soon as i walked my fly butt out side to find a seat.
     The most ugliest poodle walked up to me and started liking my leg.
     This dog was going in for the kill, his nose was going further up my dress.
     I literally started screaming and telling the dog to get the hell away from me.
     OK i think yawl get the hint I'm not a dog lover.
     Now don't get me wrong I like dogs.
     Bottom line Heart and Dagger the name says it all.
     Please don't spend to much of your life at this bar unless you rock outfits that have skull and bones on them.
     Get my drift.
    3 terrific pinball gamesAttack from Mars (Bally)Creature from the Black Lagoon (Bally)Arabian Nights (Williams)$3.
    50 PBR TallboysDecent jukebox (no autotunes)Mellow people (seemed free of hipsters.
    ).
    I have never been treated so rudely by a bartender (and we all know how they can be sometimes, lol).
     But imagine my surprise when it turned out to be the self-proclaimed OWNER of the place.
     I am still just shocked by her blatant disrespect of my friends and I, I still have absolutely no idea why we were treated in this fashion-- the only cause i could speculate is that I was with mostly people of color.
     shocking for Oakland, but i have racked my brain and that is the only thing i can come up with.
     The bartender did not want us there from the second we walked in and she made that very clear.
     Nor did she even care when I tried to address the matter with her, happy to hear she had lost all of our business forever.
     I see that a few other reviewers had similar experiences, how sad.
    All's I know is that I know a LOT of bars in Oakland that at least pretend to care about their customers.
     I will never go back to this bar, it's certainly no good to be so blatantly disrespected, but I'm certainly not going to PAY to be treated that way.
     lol.
    I just moved to Lakeshore from Montclair, and you know what excites me?  The fact that I can walk to a bar and stumble home late at night after.
      You know what doesn't excite me?  The fact that Heart and Dagger Saloon of Oakland is my local bar.
    Let's be honest, I haven't seen this many white people together in one place since Oakland's First Friday (or as I lovingly call it, "White Night").
      The lay out is funky .
     .
     .
     especially the VIP raised table right as you walk in the door.
      The outside is nice and I will definitely try it again in the summertime, but really, I don't want to go anywhere that makes my "ethnic" friends feel uncomfortable .
     .
     .
     .
    Looks like we're going to Easy.
    Heart and Dagger is a-okay.
     The patio is gigantic, probably more room out there than in the actual bar.
     Prices were reasonable, but comparisons to Lucky 13 or similar bars with awesome beer selections and divey vibes are a bit uncalled for; there aren't that many beers on tap, and the crowd there (Saturday afternoon) was more likely to be reading the paper than to be chatting it up with fellow bar patrons.
     Dog friendly though!.
    i dunno what i was expecting when i heard this was a biker dive bar.
    maybe a little more dive and a little more hott bikers.
    ? parking was easy, directly across the street.
    and well, the spot itself is pretty cool inside with pool tables, pinball machines, and a jukebox.
     The bartender worked up some strong drinks and the other patrons were pretty accommodating.
    the patio area was pretty big lined up with park benches to share, but the lighting def needs improving so us cougs could see which cubs are available to hunt! some of my biker friends rave about this spot because of it being biker friendly and maybe it just wasn't the night for them to be there.
    so i'll be back and give it another try, maybe on a saturday.
    check back and i'll let you know!.
    Walked in here for the first time and was like "so THIS is what the Serenader looks like from the inside!"Great out door patio, stiff cheap drinks, good jukebox, men with facial hair .
     .
     .
     sign me up!.
    Where everybody knows your name!We have been going to the Heart and Dagger since it opened, usually with me draped in my cool H and D swag.
    This is a throwback to a great neighborhood bar, with a little punk thrown in.
     We went last night to reintroduce our recently transplanted friends back to the amazing-ness that is the Bay Area, and ran into a group of friends.
     That is what I love about this place! Knowing that our friends all go there, and that we can catch up and hang out on the patio for hours is awesome!Boozy Suzy always makes me a delicious custom made drink when I am hanging out with all of the beer drinking boys, which puts a smile on my face every time.
    The boys love getting Lane-Splitters for dinner, and staying and talking the night away.
     Now, if I can only get Lane Splitters to carry gluten free pizza, I would never leave!.
    If you are looking for a dive bar, you can't do much better than this in Oakland.
     The drinks are cheap, there's a great outdoor seating area and plenty of people watching.
     It gets a little smokey in the patio, but what do you expect from outdoor seating at a bar.
     Pinball and Pool are also big pluses.
    Love the fact that karaoke is not and never will be allowed!They pour great drinks with great prices and a very fun crowd to watch.
    Check it out!.
    I love, love love love Heart and Dagger! It's about time that Oakland got a decent rocker/biker/alternative bar!I've heard people call it a "dive bar" but it's anything but.
     If you love Zeitgeist in SF, imagine a smaller, east bay version.
     That's what you get at Heart and Dagger.
    Plus, you can actually go and get a few drinks and not spend more than $20.
     The jukebox is loaded with bitchin' tunes.
     The staff is super friendly.
     The place is Dog friendly.
     And they let you bring in food from other places to eat.
     And once in a while, Lane Splitters will bring by free pizza that's left over at the end of the night or wrong orders.
    It's cozy and comfy.
     All races, genders, gays, straights welcome.
     It's nice to see a diverse alternative culture and not feel like you walked into a snobby hipster bar for once.
     Heart and Dagger has certainly become my version of "Cheers!".
    I dig this bar, I really do.
     The staff is friendly (even the door guys are nice) and there's usually a fun crowd inside.
     My favorite time to visit Heart and Dagger is on a lazy Sunday when the back patio is filled with dogs, cigarettes and tall boys.
     Drinks are reasonably priced, has every amenity you'd ever ask of a dive, and the bathrooms aren't gross! I can only speak for the Men's bathroom, though.
     Also, if you're hungry, Lanesplitters (as well as other awesome grub) is right next to Heart and Dagger, and the bar is totally cool with you bringing a pizza box in to share with friends.
    Additional bonuses: 3 pinball tables and an ATM machine.
     When their ATM machine isn't working, there's a bank 50 feet away.
     The only negative: When the outside patio is closed and the bar is packed, the inside of the bar will make you claustrophobic.
    If I've said it once, I've said it a million times:  This place is great as long as the back yard stays open.
      When they shut it down and start hustling us in at 11 or 11:30 or whenever it is, it is just way too small to accommodate us.
      Inevitably this results in an additional trip either back to the Kona or the Ruby Room.
    I know they're trying to be good neighbors and I can respect that, but the early nightly closing of the outside is a total buzzkill.
    While my pals and I were wandering around Oakland on a sunny day, we came here to get a drink and sit at their outdoor patio.
      It was a bit of a 30-something meat market.
      Since we were not really out on the prowl, it was a sort of hilarious scene.
      We drank mimosas and watched a group of British men hit on any women who'd have them.
      I don't know about what it's like at night or when it's cold, but I found it quite enjoyable in the lovely Oakland sun.
      Not really worth a trip to the East Bay, but good if you're already there.
    3.
    5 stars!It gets knocked back from 4 because the only beer I (kinda) like there is Sierra Nevada.
      But this is a great last stop for when you don't care anymore and you just want to knock back a PBR tallboy or two.
     Classy!   Anywaaaays, it may not be the classiest joint but it is a lot of fun -- there are little video games, a pool table, and a large outdoor patio.
      The TVs play the randomest crap, and everyone there is just chillin'.
      Gets a little crowded, but that's part of the fun.
     And when you finally get kicked out, the Taco Guys sometimes park their truck outside, so you can grab an organic, free-range, vegetarian-fed taco (it's very important for your 2 a.
    m.
     drunk self to be environmentally friendly) to go with that last PBR.
    Pitchers, pinball, patio! Great neighborhood dive bar.
     good location, average prices, dogs outside.
     Definitely plan on going back regularly.
    This is now the bar I call my neighborhood favorite.
      I love that it has an outdoor patio.
      The one downside is that I'm a nonsmoker so if it's crowded it's hard to get away from the smokers but it's worth it to me to sit outside on a sunny day and enjoy a beer.
      The beers are priced great, especially if you get there early enough for happy hour.
      Dogs are allowed in the back which offers some entertainment if there are a few there.
      The bartenders have always been very friendly.
      I haven't been back in a while since the weather has been cold but the next warm, sunny day I have off work I know where I'm headed.
    If the Lexington in SF and Zeitgeist in SF had a love child it would be Heart and Dagger.
     In recent years there has been a gaggle of gays moving over to Oakland, myself included, and we needed a gayborhoody hangout.
     I do believe Heart and Dagger fits the bill! A group of us went to Heart and Dagger and we knew we were "home" when Gary, any dyke worth her weight knows this doorman, greeted us! There were hugs all around! He has been working the door at some infamous lesbian parties in SF for years.
     He is an East Bay boy so he is right at home at Heart and Dagger.
     The bar has that "cozy" Lex feeling and the backyard is like Zeigeist's little sister.
     There is also a pool table indoors and it's surrounded by tons of raggedy old bar stools and a couple throne type areas to chill in.
     Random, but welcomed.
     Good, full bar with some attractive bartenders.
     Always a bonus! Prices were excellent.
     And don't worry hip straighties, it is a diverse crowd and everyone seems to be welcomed with open arms.
     We like that.
     Diversity good.
     Let's do the math: Cool hangout space+good bar with good prices+backyard space+Gary at the door+plenty of parking across the street = a sweet little gayborhoody spot we plan to frequent.
    Eek!  Methinks never again.
    Went here a few times and thought it was alright.
      After having my bike tires slashed and the bartender refusing service saying "I don't serve blonds" to my male friend.
    I'm done.
    Pros:Patio out backCute dogsCons:Rude bartenderOnly one toilet.
    which clogs and people still piss (and crap) in it until it's fullBike tires SLASHED.
    no sign in sight saying do NOT park your bike herePeople beauregarding the jukebox with annoying musicIf you're willing to put up with idiots for bartenders, nasty toilets, and flat tires please go here!.
    Five stars for a bar?  What caught your eye Tim?  What could possibly be that awesome:This F**&amp;ing place.
    Pinball: Sweet.
    Three of 'em: Even sweeterMaximum Force/ Area 51 arcade game: You mean I can get drunk and kill things ?,Pacman/Froger/Galaga/all sorts of other cool 80's hits, flashback out of the time I was in diapers.
      RadJukebox with Iron Maiden and the Clash? And all sorts of other badass tunes? CheckCheap drinks too? I just shit myself in excitement.
      Maybe I'll go to the bathroom to cl.
    Holy crap there's a patio too?  This place gets my vote and my dollar.
     Its smaller than you expect but the folks tend to be friendly and loud.
      Its a good time and theres tons of parking across the street.
    Like my lady said: It's a dive bar, but without the urine and cigarette stench.
      WHOA.
    I kinda like this place.
    Tuesday night &amp; about twenty patrons.
    Sierra Nevada on tap for $3.
    00(Happy hour until 7:00)Appears to be an old house @ some point in it' s past life,some new paint &amp; stucco made a large improvement.
    Fairly neat &amp; clean.
    Ping pong table in action in the back patio.
    Bar tender was friendly &amp; helpful with beer selection.
    Mixed crowd on my visit.
    Parking was no big deal (right across the steet.
    A big improvement from the last sh*#hole bar previously residing @ this location.
    Patio looks to be a good spot for hot summer nights.
    Go already!!!.
    Loved the pinball and the backyard seating! Cash only so come prepared.
     Great spot for a bloody mary on a Sunday afternoon.
     Bring your pooch along!.
    When this place first opened up, I thought it was pretty cool.
      I loved the pinball, back patio &amp; the jukebox was pretty good too.
      However, over the last year I've gone there, my impression declined from "great" to "okay" to "absolutely never again will I set foot in the place".
      The first reason I started going was for the pinball, but whatever company leases the machines to the bar (California Amusement Group?) does not keep them in good repair.
      Since they opened, I've been there to play the machines multiple times, and each time, every single one of the 3 games were in such disrepair as to make the game almost a complete waste of money because you couldn't make key shots for scoring (like an intermittent or weak flipper, or a semi-functioning plunger).
      Eventually, I stopped going there as often because of that, but gave it another chance a couple nights ago because my friend's friend was having a birthday party there - BIG mistake.
      My friend (also female) and I waited at the bar to get a drink for over 20 minutes while the bartender completely ignored us, giving no eye contact &amp; no acknowledgement that she saw us, while serving everyone else at the bar, including people who had clearly come up to the bar after us.
      I'm pretty patient when a bar is crowded, because I understand that it's not an easy job.
      However, as we got passed over, time &amp; time again, it was obvious that the bartender just did not want to serve us.
      WTF?  There was even some jerk standing fully behind me who leaned over my shoulder &amp; shouted - "pitcher of Trumer" - who got served while we were still waiting there!  Finally, there was guy standing next to my friend who could see what was going on (who had also come up AFTER us), and then sure as sh*t, the bartender came up to ask HIM what he wanted, so he pointed to us and said "these ladies were first", and she scoffed &amp; said something totally dismissive like "okay whatever" and then reluctantly asked what we wanted.
      After she served us, she started ignoring the guy who pointed out that we were next.
      Okayyyyy - wow.
      I'm not sure why we got that kind of treatment, but it felt pretty crappy.
      I sortof wondered whether it was because I was an obvious dyke.
      I couldn't think of any other reason why we got treated that way, unless maybe the bartender just has a problem with other women in general?  (I've seen other reviews by women here who have mentioned crappy treatment by a female bartender here as well).
      In any case, regardless of the reason, this bartender obviously did not want me &amp; my friend's business, and the owners don't care that their patrons get ripped off on their janky pinball machines either, so Mission Accomplished!!!  I will never go there again!Sad, because it had so much potential.
    My favorite neighborhood joint.
     It's cozy.
     The patrons are young, diverse, attractive, and take good care of themselves.
     The bar staff and security are really friendly.
     Nice change from comparable larger venues in the City.
     This is where I plan to bring my friends this summer.
    The music hits all my sweet spots--blues, rockabilly, punk, HEAVY METAL.
     The beer selection is good enough for me--and it's cheap! And if I overkill (which I almost never do anymore) I live right up the street and could crawl home if necessary.
     Perfect.
     If grog and whiskey ain't your thing, then be sure to ask for a Suzie-kazi if Boozie Suzie is slingin shots.
    Need something to pad the sauce so you can see straight despite beer goggles? Head over to Lanesplitter's right next door--OR DRINK SOME MORE UNTIL YOU'VE DRUNK YOURSELF SOBER.
    I thought this place was cute.
     The drinks were great and super cheap.
     We went on a Friday night around 9 and it was packed.
     I thought the outdoor space was great.
     It had cute brick/cobble stone floor, lots of stringed lights and the cutes local puppy.
     I will say that the layout is ridiculous, they could have fit way more tables or at least some drink holding counters.
     i spent most the night reorganizing the space layout in my head.
     The crowd seemed a little young, college- single types, but everyone was friendly and calm-ish.
     However it was only 9 and the party was just beginning.
    they have pool table and pin-ball but they were packed and unlikely to be able to play.
    All-n-all: i would go back for a beer and hang.
     but after we left here, we stumbled upon all that is holey in Dive Bars.
      Smitty's Cocktails, review to follow!!.
    Heart and Dagger is my neighborhood  bar hangout.
     For those in the Grand Lake area, it really is convenient which adds to it's draw.
     It can get a bit crowded on Friday and Saturday night.
     It has a cool motorcycle vibe and some tough looking characters that frequent.
     While it has some diversity of character, however, it really is a hipster-ific bar.
      Lanesplitters, the next door pizza joint, will often deliver the pizza at the end of the night.
     GREAT outdoor patio with a fun lemon tree.
     In three words: cheap, convenient and cool.
    Everything I want in a bar: cheap drinks, comfortable back yard to sit and drink in (complete with a huge lemon tree in the center), good jukebox, decent not-to-cool-for-school bartenders, a first person shooter video game, and a non-douchey clientele.
    I love this place.
    Can you say cheap drinks? Well, I use to pop up at this place before Heart and Dagger took over.
     The mgmt kept changing and it wasn't always safe to go, but they had great bands.
     It was called Serenadas.
     Soooooooo, the bar was finally sold to someone who knows what to do.
    The bartenders are super fast, super friendly, and always something weird, or interesting on their tv sets.
     They have pool, playing machine, and a HUGE patio for smoking.
     Did I already say cheap drinks?The music is a variety of rock, heavy metal, non heavy metal, and all sorts of other stuff.
      Now, hopefully your a dog lover because you might see a few dogs or cats.
     Hard to describe the crowd, but everyone seems cool.
     Oh, for the 3rd time, cheap drinks!!!!! Oh, they occasionally give you free pizza from next door.
    Who cars about dog, different music, or anything else if you getting served cheap fast drinks.
     There are 4 other bars in the area if you don't like this one.
     Right by the grand theatre, plenty of cabs, near the bus line, so no excuse for you not to go.
     Check it out!!!!.
    The patio is large and dog friendly.
     Employees are nice.
     Bouncer is awesome.
     Pinball.
     Cool regulars to talk to.
     The lock on the bathroom door works (hard to find at bars).
     Free parking in a lot across the street.
    Excellent music.
     Off the top of my head, last night I can remember hearing Faith No More, High On Fire, The Cramps, and Slayer.
     The bartender was wearing a Minor Threat shirt and they had Grindhouse playing on the TV when I walked in around 5:30.
    It's a few doors down from Lanesplitters, who donates the delicious pizza they don't sell at the end of the night to hungry bar patrons.
    Last time hanging out on the patio, I witnessed a Blue Heron take a GIANT crap on a couple of screaming girls.
     This is a great place.
    Good prices, pool table, good juke, and a PATIO! A backyard patio is so rare here in Oakland, so it scores.
    A lot of reviewers seem to have had problems with the bartenders.
     I haven't.
     The crowd is cool, too.
     Good people.
    I'd like to have a bit more room inside, and maybe a second pool table, but other than those tiny things, this place rocks.
    This place is pretty great.
    The drinks are cheap here.
     &amp; of course, like most of the dive bars -it's cash only.
     Luckily they have a BoA and CHASE within walking distance.
     There's also this awesome pizza place next door to go to feed your intoxicated needs.
     Overall a great dive bar.
    a WHOLE lot better than the Ruby Room or Radio.
    (I think its the same owner?).
     The backdoor patio could use a little more lighting though and that nasty lonely blue bulb should be replaced.
    4 stars as room for growth.
     Great little rock and roll neighborhood bar!(too clean to call it a 'dive')They've got  a pool table, a few pinball machines and one of those table ms.
     pacmans.
    Decor is cute, place is clean, and the jukebox is outstanding.
    I'm really excited about 2 things at this place:#1.
     Tuesday nights.
     (For DML)#2.
     The back patio.
     I can just imagine the awesomeness of meeting friends for booze brunches, or cooling off on balmy(ish) summer nights.
    We wanted to get something to eat after the horrifying West Elm/Pottery Barn warehouse sale a couple weekends back and stumbled upon this place.
     The atmosphere is great - a bunch of food and beverage spots all under one roof.
     Kind of reminds me of Gotham West Market in NYC.
     I ordered the pork tacos smothered in a red sauce, topped with pickled onion and cilantro.
     The two tacos came with a side of pinto beans.
     It was good, the pork was tender, the beans were also good.
     I do agree with most of the other reviews on price, it is kind of steep.
     I think it was $12/$13 for two tacos and some beans.
     the tacos were little so I am not sure why they command such a high price.
     But they were good! If I was in the area again, I would go back for sure.
    A friend said yeah let's go its delicious.
      No.
     It's over priced mexican food that wants to be good for you.
     I ate a torta and may never come here again unless I need to feel good about my food choices or maybe I'll get a salad or something.
      So don't go thinking your going to have mexican food as you will be sadly mistaken.
    Love love freakin LOVE this place! The staff are really nice, food is EXCELLENT!! Great spot to eat for lunch even dinner.
     The tostadas on Tuesday are to die for! MUST TRY! MUST TRY! It'll never disappoint.
     P.
    s.
     Pork belly tacos.
     I mean shut up right!.
    This place is one of my "go-tos" for lunch.
      I have dined here about 6 times and each time it has been really good.
      Service is limited since its a walk up and order place; they do deliver food to the table and are super nice.
      Its a local place in the "Swan" center with multiple eateries as well as a fish market inside.
      Handmade tortillas and creative "cocktails" (no hard alcohol, but they do make a good "bloody" style drink with cayenne pepper crusted candy sticks (have only seen these in Mexico before).
      Fresh, fresh, fresh!  Oh yeah, I have had pork, fish, shrimp and chicken tacos - all great!.
    Today we got for lunch the crispy wild shrimp tacos and peach salad! Absolutely fantastic and delicious.
    I love this place.
     Although its crowded we found a table with 3 seatings right away.
    AMAZING.
     Everything i've gotten here has been incredible and i'm a very big fan (in case you couldn't already tell) Their menu changes so there no guarantee that they will have a certain dish a given night.
     However, I was really impressed by the tamale i had here and the chicken anchiote.
     Comes with awesome sides of rice and beans, tortilla and everything tastes so freshly made.
     Some could argue this place is on the pricier side compared to standard Mexican fare, but at first bite you will realize its absolutely worth it and keep coming back like i do.
    Cosecha, Cosecha, Cosecha.
     I have such a weird relationship with you.
     I truly do like you, but you are expensive.
     I recognize that quality ingredients and such tastiness do cost money.
     But, spending $15 on 2 shrimp tacos and some beans in downtown Oakland at a pretty casual spot is insane to me?! Were those deliciously large shrimp tacos so tasty? YES, albeit a bit sloppy to eat.
     Plump wild shrimp, tempura fried with some jalapeno on 2 corn tortillas was perfection.
     I went the blue plate special and at $15 with beans, I was shocked.
     I actually think I wish I bought 2 at $5.
    50 per taco.
     :: FRIDAYS only for those shrimp tacos, btw.
    :: So, there, I said it.
     I don't like dropping $15 on a casual lunch, but those shrimp tacos are so worth it.
     I've actually dined here quite regularly for lunch since my move nearby almost a year ago and you always ignite the same reactions.
     When I'm paying, I gulp and say: how much? But, then my food arrives and I enjoy, maybe even savor every bite and can appreciate the ingredients.
     And although your portions don't seem huge, they are more than enough food and quite filling.
     In the end, Mexican is one of those foods.
     You expect to pay less and when you don't, you're like, excuse me? But man, Cosecha is so tasty.
     From their tacos, to their tortas, to their quesadillas, I've always been impressed.
     *Seating can be a bit of pain, since this spot's located within Swan's Marketplace.
     A co-op of sorts for local restaurants where they share the seating space.
     Lunch time is always packed weekdays, but taking a quick glance at their Saturday brunch makes me think I've been sleeping on this spot for weekend fare.
    * Their guac is a good, but at $5+ for a small dish, it is totally not worth it.
    Amazing Mexican food.
     Came here for brunch on Sat (just a suggestion, come here early for brunch) and had bacon tacos with eggs and a side of beans.
     All delicious.
     My girlfriend had the waffles (yup, waffles at a Mexican restaurant!) and they were fantastic.
     To round things out I had the Cosecha Margarita and it was delicious, with orange zest and real worm salt around the rim.
     I know we're coming back for more.
    Cosecha has very good Mexican food.
     It's located in a food court-esque building, with a few other restaurants that all share common seating.
     My friend and I went in around 8:00 pm on a Saturday night, and the place was bumpin.
     We both ordered a quesadilla (I had the grilled peppers and chicken, and he had the mushroom and chicken).
     We also shared some chips and salsa, and the iced horchata latte.
     The prices are bit higher than some Mexican restaurants, but I think it's worth it.
     I was impressed with everything.
     I thought the horchata latte was great, and actually complemented the spiciness of the quesadilla really well.
     The quesadilla was incredibly well prepared, and the salsa served on the side gave the quesadilla a great flavor.
     I really liked the vibe at Cosecha, and the food was great.
     It's definitely one of my new favorite spots in Oakland (along with Zachary's, Drake's Dealership, and OBTOWN).
    Food = excellent.
     Price point = poor.
     Hence the 4 star average.
     I loved my food but as others have mentioned, I don't think it was worth $15/plate.
     Both my SO and I had the Grilled Chicken Anchiote.
     It is served in a cute clay plate over rice with guacamole and a couple tortillas.
     Perhaps make the guac optional and lower the price a few bucks? The quality was great and they supposedly use fresh, seasonal/ local ingredients which always jacks up price so I get it.
     to an extent.
     But it's also not a sit down restaurant.
     It is cafeteria style- in a large building with other restaurants, much like San Pedro Square Market in San Jose if you've ever been.
     Oakland is certainly stepping up it's food game and this was a great example.
     I would recommend this place but don't expect your fav hole in the wall taqueria prices.
    Chicken tacos are so good.
     I want to come back to eat these!Pork belly was ok.
     Verde mole was ok too, spiciness made up for the dull taste.
     Everything taste so fresh.
    Owner was super nice, bringing us our food.
    Everything we ate was delicious and fresh!! We went during the breakfast menu tired the waffles.
     They were stinking amazing Best waffles I ever ate!!!!! We also had the shrimp tacos also great!!! Wish they served dinner early in the morning I would like to have tired the pork tacos .
    Decent Mexican-themed bar at Swan's Market with a modest menu, whether brunch offerings like the huevos cuaouthemoc (two eggs over beans and salsa de arbol, topped with avocado and handmade flour tortillas) or evening fare like a fresh, crispy fish taco.
     They also offer a few nicely done drinks like their pomegranate margaritas.
    Overall, the offerings are reasonably delicious, good quality, and presented nicely, although prices are slightly on the elevated side.
     As this is a small stand inside Swan's Market, there aren't many people working here so service may seem a bit overwhelmed or impersonal at times.
     Nevertheless, if you are here at Swan's Market and want something more substantial than, say, sausages, this isn't a bad choice.
    The short: delicious tacosThis is a line-up and they'll bring your order type place.
     At lunch hour, this place is busy and the wait was around 15 minutes.
     While waiting, we watched some ladies hand-make the tortillas.
     Mmmm fresh tortillas! Watch out though.
     The tortilla chips are ultra fried and oily; I almost could feel my arteries clogging up.
     We ordered the daily special of two fish tacos (Wednesday and Thursday; Friday has shrimp tacos).
     I enjoyed them and wished there were more than two!This place (Swan's Marketplace) is an agglomeration of other dining eateries, which makes for a loud, crowded and semi-cramped atmosphere, though the afternoon light streaming through was a nice touch.
    I can't remember which paper or publication I first read about Cosecha (weird that it wasn't Yelp - heh), but I distinctly remember that I had to check this place out because it was Dominica Rice-Cisneros', of Chez Pannise fame, new place.
     On my visit, I tried out two dishes: Chilaquiles and Breakfast Tacos.
     Both dishes were quite tasty, but it is definitely quality over quantity here! Cosecha sources fresh, local ingredients, so expect to pay a bit more than your regular mobile/taco truck establishment.
     Located in the Housewives Market (Swan's), you will find Cosecha in what I describe as an upscale food court.
     You place your order at the register, get a number and you will get your meal in around ten minutes or so.
     This place was one that I actually went before opening due to its popularity and I had things to do.
    like holiday shopping!There is plenty of street parking!My buddy and I when we totally beat traffic on a Saturday morning:Uh, what time is it?   Ten o'clock.
     They open at 10:30.
                      |                            |                 O_                         O                 |                            / | \                / \                           /  \   _________________________________     Maybe I'll take a nap     What about getting booze instead?in the car.
                                  |                \                             |                 O                         O               / | \                        / | \                / \                         /  \   _________________________________     You are such an enabler!*    I know.
                      |                            /                 O                         O               / | \                        / | \                / \                         /  \   _________________________________* = She really is an enabler!.
    Cornbread.
     Seriously, try the cornbread.
     Simply the best.
    Cosecha is a Mexican eatery with a nouvelle California twist.
     It's located inside old Oakland's Swan's Market.
     Solid wooden benches-- amenable to communal style seating -- are set up in front of their ordering counter.
     I actually love shared dining like this; seems only fitting for a 'market' context.
    The open wall aspect of this market is attractive; chose to avoid the interior ceiling fans and be warmed by the direct sun.
     People sitting outside were accompanied by their pets.
     The ordering line took just a bit of time.
     I loved observing the hustle and bustle of the open prep station behind the glass.
      While waiting in line, I perused the paper menu pasted onto the glass counter.
      I was there towards the end of weekend brunch (they close at 3:00 p.
    m.
    ) I ordered the wild shrimp tacos and the horchata latte, following the tip from Bon Appetit's August 2015 issue which featured Oakland dining spots including Cosecha.
      Place your order at the counter and pay, then servers bring your food out.
      The horchata latte was sheer cinnamon-y goodness served in a tall glass-- light, sweet, and tinged with coffee tones.
      I thought it would be the perfect non-dairy counterpoint to spicy Mexican chillies.
      The two corn tortillas piled high with batter-fried shrimp were nicely presented.
     The shrimp sat on shredded cabbage, were topped with a chili-infused crema sauce and garnished with jalapeno and cilantro.
     The tacos weren't spicy and the cup of beans on the side were well-flavored.
     The shrimp were high quality and fresh with a firm bite (none of the mealy texture of aquaculture-produced shrimp.
    ) My only gripe might be the quantity size--too small.
      The prices will reveal that this is not another street-stall taco shop although it functions like one.
     I paid around $15 for the gourmet, delicately flavored shrimp.
      This place offers sufficiently unique taste that it's worth a special treat, but it wouldn't be my daily go-to, based on price alone.
      There are plenty of more ordinary tacquerias for everyday dining.
    I was originally attracted to this restaurant due to its iced horchata latte!  When I saw this on the menu I flipped with excitement and headed to Cosecha.
      I was expecting an conventional restaurant location, but I found myself at a food market.
      By no means was this a bad thing, it added to the ambiance of the restaurant.
      The food is on a other level, often you hear about a place and it gets so hyped up that you are extremely excited to try it and it let's you down when you finally get to try it.
     well this is not that kind of place.
      The flavors are stupefying!  Yes, I looked up a word to describe what I felt when I had the green pozole.
      I returned and tried the fish tacos special and on my next visit I had the chilaquiles.
      Needless to say, I am a big fan of this place and it's authentic and unique spins on classic dishes.
      Only draw back, it's on the expensive side :(.
    Bomb tacos.
     Favorites are the pork belly and chicken.
     Veggie is hit or miss - usually too watery.
      Tortillas are freshly made as you wait in line.
     Chips are greasy, crunchy, and delicious.
    This food court makes it easy to go out with coworkers when you're craving different cuisines; however, watch where you sit because vendors will get mad and yell at you to move if you sit in the wrong territory (tables are marked for specific restaurants in the shared space).
    Cosecha is so fresh.
     From the salads to the tortillas for the tacos.
     Everything is made fresh to order.
     Love it.
    I have to say the fish tacos were heavenly.
     I am just in Oakland for the night and looking for a cure for my jet lag.
     Fish tacos were the blue plate special.
     They came perfectly done - tempura style, crispy with a little bite.
     Beans with a half an avocado came in the side.
     I will definitely come back!!.
    While having a group dinner inside the Swan Market, friends and I tried a few dishes from each of the establishments inside.
      I thought the service at Cosecha was great and I liked the menu choices.
      Only major gripe was the value.
      For what we paid, I thought was a bit steep for what we actually got.
      We even ordered the happy hour special which happened to be 2 fish tacos and a pint of beer ($12).
      Unfortunately, the battered fish tacos were so small and didn't satisfy.
      The tacos looked delicious, but were slightly bland.
      They have 3 beers on tap which you can choose from including Modelo, an IPA and a chocolate stout.
      Our group ended up getting 4 orders of the tacos/beer ($50+).
      If you have a big appetite like me, you may end up spending more money than you anticipate at Cosecha to fill up your belly.
      May come back, but wouldn't get the tacos next time.
    This is the perfect place for a casual lunch or dinner date.
     I've been here several times with my friends and always enjoyed my experience.
     Cosecha makes anincredible selection of traditional moles utilizing authentic ingredients and old school recipes.
     I recommend the green mole and their fish tacos to any first-time visitors or regulars that are looking for something different to try.
     Also, if you're fan of Horchata definitely try their horchata espresso! It's my favorite!.
    WONDERFUL!!! Best fish tacos that I have had in ages! The chips and salsa were amazing as well.
    Good food.
     Slight bit pricy but it is the Bay Area and it's downtown and it's quality food so it's worth it.
     The pork belly tacos were good the meat was light but crispy and the salsa on those were to dye for.
     The carne plate was delicious to real good food but dinner doesn't start until 530 so don't come earlier for that or it won't be there.
     I got 3 plates two drinks 50 bucks easily.
    I've been going here for a couple years now and because of my resolution to Yelp consistently I am making up for my lack of a review for Cosecha.
    They have brought a nice high end twist to Mexican food and one of the first places to bring some style with substance to the Old Oakland area.
      Since their arrival they've spurned many great eateries to open up around them.
      Through all the change they've still stood strong with their versions of many classics.
     Think high end taco truck without the truck.
     The various tacos and quesadillas are the stars for me here specifically shrimp (when available) and the Mushroom quesadilla.
     They also do a mean horchatta latte if you are a horchatta fan.
     My only gripes are that shrimp is just a special on a specific day and that prices are a little high to be a weekly regular.
    Very limited menu.
     One friend got the soft tacos with braised pork &amp; a side of beans.
     Delicious, beyond fork tender.
     Fresh, hand-made tortillas.
     This was a keeper and the highlight of our meal.
     Another friend got the chilaquiles with salsa verde.
     Same fresh tortillas as the tacos except that they were cut into chips and fried.
     Scrambled eggs were soft and fluffy.
     The avocado was perfectly ripe and the crema made the whole dish a luscious bite from beginning to end.
     A good dish but after the wow factor of the braised pork, it was anticlimactic.
     I went against the grain and got breakfast.
     The waffle was yummy but different.
     They pulled it from the iron before it formed a crispy crust.
     It was light and fluffy.
     The interior was fully cooked but it was still moist and tender.
     I added the cajeta sauce which is a Mexican-style caramel.
     So good, I was literally scraping the tiny container for every last drop.
     We also got the chips, guac and salsa.
     My advice, skip the chips that were hard and stale and substitute with the fresh tortillas instead.
     For drinks, we sipped on strawberry limeade.
     So yummy, I was chasing the last drop around the ice.
     Located in the old Swan's Market, I liked the vibe of the place.
     It reminded me of a tiny and more homey SF Ferry Building.
     Very similar to San Jose's San Pedro Square Market.
     If Cosecha isn't your style, there were about 4 other stalls including one featuring Japanese food and another serving hot dogs and beer.
     There was also a wine merchant.
     I wish I had a cooler.
     There was a butcher and a fishmonger offering raw product for purchase.
     About 3 blocks from the 12th St.
     Bart station, it easy to get to.
     I will be back.
    I had the most expensive shrimp taco here.
     And it was basically one shrimp and one taco! Over 5bucks after tax.
     I was still hungry afterwards.
    one of my favorites!i've had breakfast, lunch and dinner here and all of my experiences were great.
     the waffle at breakfast, the delicious pico and guacamole, the horchata latte.
    all so delicious!.
    Did someone say vegan quesadillas and strawberry margaritas? If so, I'm all in!I love how Cosecha uses sweet potato in their vegan quesadillas rather than using some fake rubbery cheese substitute.
     They also do not skimp on the guacamole.
     You get some inside the quesadilla itself and some on the side along with a deliciously spicy salsa verde.
     You can also choose from mushrooms, green chile, etc to go inside your quesadilla.
    The kicker to this meal though, was the asparagus and braised chickpeas.
     It might have been a special, but if you see it on the menu, do not hesitate and order it! The chubbiest asparagus I had ever seen, topped with perfect chickpeas in a really rich saucy broth.
     I'll be dreaming about this asparagus for eternity.
    My strawberry margarita was also memorable.
     It wasn't overly sweet and actually tasted like limes and real strawberries rather than the artificial syrupy stuff.
    All in all, I really enjoyed my meal here at Cosecha from start to finish.
     I can't wait to try other menu items!.
    In the search of good Mexican food we wanted to love this place, and were really disappointed! We saw this place on KQED and decided to give it a try.
     We were there on a Wednesday around 5, restaurant was pretty empty, no excuse for what we experienced.
    Here are my complaints:1.
     PRICES: They are way out of line for counter service &amp; communal seating: $13 for two tiny fish tacos, $15 for Pork Adobado plate, $3 for chips salsa and guacamole.
     There are far better taco places (such as Tracy DeJardin's place in the SF Ferry Building) which are MUCH less expensive, better quality2.
     QUALITY: The food was not prepared well.
     Rice was gummy and EVERYTHING was super greasy.
     The chips and fish tacos were literally swimming in oil.
     No one drained a damn thing.
     Fish tacos were very smelly too.
     Probably should not have eaten them.
     Pork plate was missing avocado and had a few pieces of gross, shriveled zucchini on the side.
     Very unappetizing.
    3.
     PORTIONS: Chip order was sad.
     With only a few cold greasy chips.
     Skimpy on the salsa as well.
     Fish tacos were absolutely tiny and each plated on one small tortilla.
     WAY too expensive for portion size.
     Pork plate had two tiny tortillas.
    4.
     SERVICE: Worker at the counter was barely civil.
     I asked for extra tortillas with our pork plate, forgot them.
     Ticket was cooked wrong- one order came out far in advance of the other.
     The counter worker slammed down the pork plate about a mile away (we were sitting on a big communal table) from us.
     Very abrupt and rude.
    ***I suspect the owner was absent and it showed.
     Place is run poorly! Not a good experience, we will not go back.
    ***.
    We tried their duck special on the weekend and the food was awesome.
     The dishes are well prepared and the portion sizes were decent.
     They are trying to add a high end twist to their food.
     Their corn tortillas are very good, I think it is freshly made on site very day.
     It is a food court style dining in Old Oakland.
     The dining was casual and we could get beer and other food from the other eateries in the food court.
    I noticed many of the other customers getting their wild shrimp taco specials.
     We will try that when we go their next time.
     We did not know this place until we saw them on KQED - Check Please Bay Area.
    The owner greets you right away and everything is fresh.
     I had a mushroom and cheese quesadilla.
     It tasted so fresh!! The next day I had the shrimp tacos.
     The best I have ever had.
     Can't wait to return.
    It's sad that it's come to this.
     I used to love this place but it seems that in all the trendy-ness and influx of consumers in Oakland, people have just forgotten about customer service.
     In the past I have enjoyed certain dishes from Cosecha.
     (You have to know what to order here, as their meats can be dry, making certain dishes way overpriced) And usually the service is pretty good, not great.
     My last visit, however, was very disappointing.
     The line (which can get long here) wasn't, thankfully and I tried to place my order but before I could do so the owner (the female) called the guy at the register away.
     He was nice about it at first and said he would be right back.
     The owner was giving him instructions which was fine but as he kept trying to come back to me to take my order, she kept pulling him away (keep in mind that she was facing me and fully aware that there was a customer waiting the entire time) until he finally came back to me and said "we are too busy, I have to go help in the back and I can't take your order".
     Are you serious right now? How unprofessional and rude to keep a customer waiting and then ultimately TURN THEM AWAY?!? Get your act together.
    What first called my attention to this restaurant was this Facebook post: facebook.
    com/permalink.
    p…They were obviously more than just a restaurant; they realized the impact of our everyday interactions and are helping taking responsibility as a community towards real change.
     So last week when BART went down halfway through my commute home, my husband had to come pick me up from Oakland.
     We decided to have dinner in the area and came here.
     I'm so glad we did! My husband and I split an order of shrimp tacos and carne adobada.
     It was delicious and the meat was very tender.
     I'm also not big on beans but OMG I ate em' up here! Also, homemade tortillas are never a bad idea.
     My 6 year olds had a chicken quesadilla with rice &amp; beans and drank horchata.
     They loved it! Very good food and excellent service.
     I also love the idea that this place is a bit pricey (hear me out!) It's always bothered me so much that people just assume Mexican food has to cheap.
     Yes, taco trucks are great and nobody gets mad at a cheap meal but Mexican food can be just as fancy-pants as the rest of ya.
    Today was my first time trying Cosecha.
     I had the special which was 2 crispy fish tacos and beans with avocado for $11.
     Service was awesome! It is a bit pricey, so I don't think I will be eating here very often, but it was good food and Steve Kerr and his crew showed up and everyone was clapping.
     So for that reason, I will give this place another star.
     LOL.
    Fish taco special is a rip off.
      Can get better fry and quality at Rubios.
     The fry was decent but the fish was whatever.
      The torta made bread soggy, the meat was weak.
      Overpriced.
     Customer service is rude.
    Definitely a great Mexican food restaurant.
     Their menu changes, which keeps things interesting.
     I actually did take out one night and got the mushroom quesadilla and grilled chicken quesadilla.
     They were both very flavorful and delicious.
     Portion size is reasonable for the price.
     I especially liked that they used corn tortilla for the quesadillas.
     I also ordered their chips, which I thought were well salted (which I like) but drenched in grease.
     They were too greasy for me, but I still managed to finish most of them! Also the service was great.
     The person was friendly and helpful on the phone, even though I couldn't decide what to order.
     I picked up my order with no problems! Great experience, will come back to try all of their tacos next!.
    I'm basing this review on food quality as well as service.
      It was a miscommunication on their part which delayed our order.
     My co-worker and I ordered shrimp tacos and honestly they tasted like shrimp donuts.
     We didn't enjoy the batter and there was not enough sauce on the tacos.
     The overall dish it was lacking flavor.
     Next time I'm going to Belly's for shrimp tacos.
     Problem solved.
    WOW.
     The food here is incredible!  The selection is very limited (4-5 items on the menu), but we tried the tacos and quesadilla, and they were both amazing!!!  The meats were moist, tender and flavorful.
      The sauces were perfect.
      The tortillas were warm and delicious.
    This is food court style dining, with an option to purchase beer from one of the other eateries.
      Super casual, you order at the counter and they bring it to you.
     Very delicous.
     I can't wait to come back again!.
    I'm going to eat here again because I only had the totopos but they were great.
     I wanted to try more stuff, but we were doing a day drinking order a bunch of stuff thing so this seemed the most appropriate.
    One of my favorite places to eat in Oakland.
     They have delicious food that tastes homemade.
     I love their yam/mushroom quesadillas and their seasonal fruit salad with cucumber, pumpkin seeds, jicama, and citrus vin.
    I was here for a business lunch.
     The menu is a little pricey but the food was good.
     To be honest, chips and salsa with guac being close to $6 was a little  excessive.
     The fish tacos, however were worth the cost.
     They tasted great, the fish was fresh, and the plating was pleasing.
     Surprisingly, I was full after the fish tacos even though the portion looked small.
    This was my destination food stand for a while (before the influx of B-Dama, etc.
    ) at Swan's Market.
     Focus on organic (when possible) ingredients and limited but well executed menu.
     We've brought friends here (HS &amp; MD) who really enjoyed it.
     J typically gets the tacos, guac + chips.
     Initially, I enjoyed their vegan tacos (been eating here since 2011), but alas, since then, I have noticed more and more salt.
     For the average person who is not sensitive to salt, I would recommend Cosecha.
    Went for the New Year's Brunch today!Great food, but their concept of pay, get a number and the food is delivered is not working.
      One of us got their food and the other had to wait a long time for their food.
    We originally chose this restaurant because they were one of the few in downtown Oakland that had outdoor seating for dinner and we had our dog with us.
    Necessity soon turned into luck Sharee as we hungrily dove into fresh vegetables and equally fresh meats.
     My favorite meal was the blood orange salad with grilled chicken.
     It was the perfect mix of flavors with toasted pumpkin seeds butter lettuce and a fresh citrus vinaigrette.
     Portions are not too large (as I prefer), and prices represent the gentrification occurring in the bay area but still reasonable for the quality of food provided.
    Great spot for post happy hour drunken eats.
      I ordered the fish tacos, which are excellent, although steep at 13 pesos.
      You basically only get two small fish tacos as well as some rice and beans.
      The service was also pretty slow, it seems they only had one guy running back and forth taking orders at the register and waitering food out to diners.
    The food is always good, but the prices or service are never consistent.
     I paid about 5$ for a meal one day and the next was charged 8$.
     Sometimes they are polite and other days incredibly rude.
    I fell for the ratings.
     I had the fish tacos and if it weren't for the pickled onions and dressing, they would have been plain and boring.
     I was not too pleased.
     Previous commenter called it a"yuppie" Mexican place, I agree.
     Beans and rice were good, service was not so good.
     Be prepared to hunt for napkins, sugar for tea, and a fork in different places.
     Chips were real greasy and stuck together, but salsa was tasty.
     I should have tried the other places around here.
     I was really craving authentic Mexican.
     Not the place.
     I must have just ordered the wrong thing.
     So disappointed :-(.
    I've been here twice now and was very impressed both times.
     Friendly employees, the homemade chips and guacamole are great, as is everything else.
     The overall atmosphere is very friendly as well.
    This shared restaurant space is creative and interesting--kind of like a very upscale food court.
     Food itself is super delicious.
     I don't usually associate Mexican cuisine with haute cuisine--I'm a cheap taco loving girl, after all, but if you're going to do Mexican with fancy ingredients, these guys do it exceptionally well.
     All dishes were delicious and freshly cook.
     Sangria was good, too.
    Massively overpriced and small portions.
     I had two small fish tacos, rice and chips for $20.
     This would cost $10 anywhere else.
     Disappointing ripoff.
    The torta is good.
     I have been here several times but today was different.
    I experienced the worst, absolute, worst service I have ever experienced in my life.
     The lady at the register and the owner were ridiculously rude.
     I was surprised at first because the owner is usually smiling, and for the most part, you don't run into issues at the register (register lady is rarely friendly).
     She said I placed the incorrect order over the phone and I'm responsible for paying it (4x the cost of what I ordered).
     This went back and forth for a minute until she finally charged me for the correct order.
     As I was signing the receipt, she told me to never place these small orders over the phone and that they are doing me a favor for this one mistake I made.
     I responded with, "this is bullshit.
    " Both the cashier and owner, became increasingly rude, and at this point, had an aggressive and hostile tone and told me this is my fault.
     I'm a native English speaker with a law degree.
     The cashier has a thick Mexican accent.
     I also had the phone on speaker, with one other person sitting with me (she ordered B-Dama's pork cutlet), when I placed the phone order.
     This order was just for me.
     I'm damn sure I didn't make a mistake.
      She told me to get out, to get out of a DAMN food court.
     I think this is a part of a bigger problem, a growing service culture of attitude and arrogance in Oakland and you're starting to see it in SF.
     I'm not sure what is causing the growth of a terrible service culture.
     It is a culture that lacks accountability, responsibility, and respect.
     As a restaurant, you live and die by your patrons.
     Each patron is an asset, extremely valuable, and deserving of respect.
     Sure, every restaurant runs into their troll or exceptionally rude customer, but even in this situation, it makes more business sense to take the high road and appease the customer.
     Who knows? maybe this growing attitude in the service culture is a response to Yelp, online trolls, and people constantly sh!&amp;&amp;ing on restaurants.
     Whatever it is, you should never act the way this owner and cashier acted toward me-- irresponsible, immature, condescending, defensive, and hostile.
    While I will never say their tortas are bad because that would be lying, I actually think they are pretty damn good, I will never spend a dollar at a place that lacks the proper decorum.
    Delicious food.
      Just had a quesadilla and pozole.
      So good!  Will definitely be back.
    Got the huevos cuauhtemoc, breakfast tacos, iced horchata latte, and a mimosa.
     The homemade tortillas make this place.
     HOWEVER, the price and limited seating puts a damper on the experience.
     A great place to try, but doubt becoming a regular.
    We dined on the Saturday specials.
      Chilaquiles, one with a smokey salsa Rojo and one with Verde both were well prepared and tasty as were the Wild shrimp tacos.
      Everything was very fresh and made to order.
      They have a good selection of beer &amp; wine.
     It is located in the historic Swan Market building &amp; shares an open dining area with another restaurant &amp; a bar.
      You order, find a table and they deliver to your table.
     It was a lovely fall day and they open the doors and had tables on the sidewalk in addition to the dining hall.
     It is kid friendly.
    Yesterday was the second time that I ate at Cosecha, and we came specifically for the Chicken Mole Verde blue plate special that is available on Mondays.
    The first time I had tried Cosecha was on a Friday night when they were featuring Wild Shrimp Tacos.
     They were incredible.
    To me, it is hard to find a fabulous Mexican food/restaurant.
     A Mexican restaurant that doesn't put a fusion twist on it, a Mexican restaurant that doesn't charge an arm and a leg for ordinary.
     You can find ordinary almost anywhere in the Bay Area.
     It's usually always the same.
     My best friend growing up was first generation Mexican.
     The family would get together and cook big regional meals from old family recipes.
     Out of the ordinary, but not necessarily worthy of the hype everyone tends to give for something "out of the ordinary", but it allowed for me to be exposed to really GOOD, "non-traditional" Mexican food at a young age.
    I LOVE Cosecha.
     I love that they don't have a huge 3 page menu.
     I love that their food is incredibly fresh.
     I love how clean their kitchen appears to be.
     and I love that you can see part of their cooking process.
     Good wait staff too!The food here is like eating someone's secret recipes.
      The food has a "slight" twist to the ordinary, and almost akin to eating in someone's family home.
    The Chicken Mole Verde was fantastic (not your typical mole sauce made with chocolate).
     Consecha's sauce had a little bit of bite/heat to it, but it was spicy without burning your mouth, and without lasting effect.
     So pleasant to eat! To top it off, the chicken was nicely shredded and topped off with roasted pumpkin seeds, and a few slices of avocado.
     The beans.
    not your refried variety, were cooked to the right consistency, not overcooked and falling apart and nicely flavored, as was the rice which also was not your typical Mexican rice.
     It was white rice, though it did not taste like plain white rice.
     I'm sure that also had a secret ingredient.
     Served with warm corn tortillas.
    Did I mention that Cosecha has absolutely the best Horchata that I have ever had? It's not thick, it's not watery, it has a hint of cinnamon.
     I would like a glass of it every single day! Very refreshing during warm weather too.
    The food presentation is lovely and equal to any upscale restaurant.
     Each blue plate special had a nice cloth under each plate.
     The plates themselves were very nice earthenware.
     I just can't say enough about the entire experience.
    As others have said, Cosecha is in the old Swann's marketplace and is more like an open air food court.
      You place your order at the counter, and they bring it to your table.
     If you are hooked on burritos at Chipotle, I would not suggest you go here.
      If you are looking for really good, out of the ordinary, quality Mexican food with that "slight" twist, this is the place for you.
     Not cheap, but not expensive for what you get.
     P.
    S.
      The food portions are perfect, but not "super sized".
      If you are a big eater, you may want to get an appetizer.
    Can't wait to go back!.
    Cosecha is pretty good and I have only been here twice.
     Most recently for brunch.
     I got the Chilaquiles and we split the waffle.
     The waffle was like butta! The Chilaquiles were really good, but couldn't eat the whole thing.
     It's on the pricer side, but good nonetheless.
    Food was delicious!!! Ordered the quesadilla with peppers and braised pork.
     The tortilla was delicious.
     It tasted freshly made.
     The pork was tender.
     It looked small when they brought it out but it was quite filling!! Pomegranate margarita was pretty good, a bit strong.
     The horchata latte looked good will def try that next time.
    Fantastic place! Cosheca is honestly the reason I even started writing yelp reviews.
     I had the pleasure of trying their fish tacos, which were so fresh and had incredible flavor.
     The pinto beans really sealed the deal for me as they had just the perfect amount of seasoning and texture and really complimented the dish.
     Also tried their horchatta latte, which was simply genius.
     Service was very efficient and friendly and my food arrived promptly after ordering.
     I cannot recommend Cosecha enough! Already craving their fish tacos as I write this review.
    Ok those shrimp tacos on Friday are LEGIT.
     We went other times and food was good but didn't knock my socks off.
     We WILL be back for these tacos ASAP!.
    Came on a Saturday for take out brunch.
      Had the wild shrimp tacos, strawberry lime drink.
      Amazing!  Even more so was the fact that I got a free chocolate chip cookie.
     All was delicious.
    contemplating going back for more!  Definitely my new go to for brunch in Old Oakland!.
    I've been on the hunt for really good Mexican food since moving to the bay area - living in San Diego (aka, California's Best Border Town) spoiled me rotten.
     There I was treated to the best guacamole and fish tacos north of Mexico.
     When I heard about Cosecha, I was over the moon.
     but while my high expectations probably weren't very helpful, this was definitely not a 5-star experience.
     The restaurant is buried in a warehouse maze - an interesting space, just a liiiiittle hard to navigate.
     We had a table reserved, thanks to a friend who plans ahead - but there was no one available to ask about said table.
     There was 1 server running around like a madwoman, and 1 guy at the cash register taking/filling orders, but no one else.
     People were wandering around uncertain as to whether they should seat themselves or wait to be seated.
     we finally went to the wine store next door (which has no door/sign/anything marking it as a separate entity) hoping to get our questions answers.
     The place just seemed completely disorganized.
    So here's how it works! It's family-style self-seating at long picnic tables, unless you make a reservation, and then you can get a private table in the back.
     If you wait for a server to seat you or come to your table, you'll wait forever - order at the front counter, by the register.
     The menu &amp; specials are listed on a chalkboard on the wall, but beware: we'd come for the night's special, wild shrimp tacos, but they were sold out by 6pm.
     We were baffled - it was early and the place wasn't even crowded.
     Not cool to sell out of your Dinner Special at the beginning of dinnertime.
     They also need more staff on the floor - for 40 minutes we had water but no glasses.
     Which went well with our chicken/pork tortillas that were missing tortillas.
    The food was good - the kind of good you're psyched to eat, but not the kind of good you'd return for.
     We tried the grilled chicken achiote - chicken marinated in achiote with rice, beans &amp; handmade tortillas, and the carne adovada - braised pork with chile guajillo, beans, rice &amp; tortillas.
     Really good guacamole!! The tortillas were handmade and delicious; the rest of the dish was fresh but unremarkable.
     The people who work here are incredibly nice - but they're also really overwhelmed.
     Maybe now that Cosecha is so popular, they'll make it more user friendly.
    ?.
    Mmmmm!!! Pork belly taco.
     Never had anything like that before.
     You probably think I'm crazy but it had a savory cotton candy like taste.
     Awesome haha.
     The horchata was a little gritty.
     The chicken taco also had amazing flavor and was very tender.
    Food court dinning with excellent Mexican food at a moderate price.
      All of the salads are quite nice as well as the Carnitas and tacos.
      It is great on Fridays when the Farmer's market is open.
    Staying in downtown Oakland, we checked out Yelp for a good place for dinner.
     Interestingly, on Saturday night, not to many restaurants seem to be open in downtown.
     We found this place interesting per the description, plus it wasn't far from our hotel.
    It's an interesting concept for a restaurant.
     Only a limited menu but the restaurant is more like an upscale cafe stall.
     It's in conjuction with several other similar eateries each having different types of food, like pizza, oysters, all with a common eating  area between them.
      We had the quesadillas and also ordered a margherita  pizza from the pizza stall.
     Very tasty food!! I would have given 4/5 stars, but the portions were really small for the prices paid.
    We're all surely spoiled with the great eats at Swan's Marketplace - my usual entry point is through Rosamunde and I've never quite made it far enough to get to Cosecha - fortunately I went on a Monday when things are just a bit more mellow and conducive to browsing.
     I tried the pork torta with what appeared to be twice fried tortilla chips (no complaints there) and fresh guac - the food was exactly what I was hoping for and the portions were fair.
      Now, spending $17 on a torta, chips &amp; a sparking water is definitely excessive and arguably insane but Cosecha isn't the odd ball when it comes to the modern urban lunch pricing that is nearing $20/person so it's hard to hold that against them.
    The menu is simple and from the looks of the other patrons plates all of the various dishes are a hit - definitely worth a shot.
    especially if you're in the mood for Cholita Linda style food on a Monday (they're closed).
    Simple, and súper delicioso! Had the Blue Plate fish tacos and both my parents - who are hard to please- loved them! Also, the small black bean soup is savory and light.
     We topped it off with the cucumber-lime drink which was perfect.
     Tan delicioso que ni siquiera podimos tomar foto de la comida comimos tan rápido!.
    I can't possibly express how much I love Cosecha, or Swans Market Place as a matter of fact.
     The market never disappoints, and I never had anything I didn't love at Cosecha.
     We started with salsa and guacamole.
     We could tell the salsa was fresh and made with heirloom tomatoes from the color of it.
     The flavor of the salsa was vibrant and the guacamole was fresh and perfectly seasoned.
     Then we had the fish taco and pork belly taco.
     The fish was fresh, with nice and crispy flaky batter.
      Pork belly was juicy on the inside and nicely charred on the outside.
     And oh my god, the chocolate chip cookie! So good!.
    The food may be ok but the organization and service are terrible.
     The help is incompetent and indifferent.
     Our most recent experience had them losing our order after we paid, and they didn't even have a record of it, and they hadn't given us a receipt.
     After over 40 minutes of waiting for our order, and being repeatedly told, It's coming right up.
     They conceded they hadn't placed our order and didn't even know what we ordered.
     We asked that they just give us what was available but that wasn't acceptable, so we would have to wait another 40 minutes to try again.
     So about then we demanded our money back and left.
     Previously we had asked a server to clean our table because it was cluttered and dirty from the previous diners.
     One young man took part of their junk, didn't wipe the table and never came back.
     We asked two more times before someone was willing to give us a clean table.
    Blue plate fish tacos are a rip off.
      Quality was fine, but you pay close to $13 for two tiny tacos that are smaller than an appetizer anywhere else.
      Chips and salsa are not even included.
     I won't be coming here again.
    I think they've done away with the $10 minimum on credit/debit cards? I came back here the other day with a major craving for their veggie torta, and they accepted my debit card.
     Yay!.
    Oakland is definitely up and coming and this market is apart of the gentrification process.
      This place has a wine bar and they are installing some other restaurants to make it into a modern food court cooperative.
      The lamb and beans were good, pork tacos were EXCELLENT (YOU MUST TRY) and the crab ceviche was ok.
      The blood orange, pine nuts, and chicken salad was delicious.
      I had the special hibiscus tequila cocktail and it was pretty good.
      I appreciate everything is made from scratch!The service is quick and efficient.
      Erico was really nice, not to mention extremely cute and charming.
      This place closes at 9:30 p.
    m.
     Friday night so make sure you come early enough time to talk, eat and drink!  Parking was easy on 9th street.
    Honest, solid, yummy Mexican food.
     High quality meats really pack the punch in flavor.
     Generally not a huge pork belly fan, but the pork belly tacos were amazing.
     The braised beef tacos I loved even more.
     Quesadillas were outstanding! Thick, scrumptious cheeses and vegetables sandwiched between homemade, rich, flavorful tortillas.
     House made chips and guacamole really sealed the deal for me.
     Do yourself a favor and have a Mexican mocha.
     or two! Sooo good! Not a fan of sweet coffee? The horchata iced latte is delightful.
     A must have to complete the Cosecha experience!.
    I've been back to this place 2 weekends in a row now b/c right around Friday night at 7:30, I start dreaming about those cornmeal waffles that they only make on the weekends.
      $12 for a waffle isn't cheap (includes fruit + cream), but why budget your cravings?I've also had the Pozoles which is nice and spicy and good on a chilly cloudy day.
     Have also enjoyed the shrimp tacos, the mushroom quesadillas and the pork tacos - all are decent (but not exceptionally better than what I might find at my local taco trucks), but the waffles - that's what I come here for.
    Unfortunately, for my first try at Cosescha the chef must have been out for the day.
     I ordered the special of the day, to-go after a long day.
     I got home and excitedly opened my dinner only to be greeted by a sad, sad little flake of fish with only a wilted piece of lettuce and a few slices of peppers.
     It actually prompted me to take my first yelp picture it was so pathetic.
     To add insult to injury, I now have to go back out to grab a real dinner.
     I should have checked the box so I could have rectified on the spot, but the reviews gave me the sense that I was in good hands.
    The last time we ate here they weren't officially open for dinners and we got in by sending an email and getting into one of their community dinners.
     We had a great meal and sat at a community table next to this really nice couple who were just starting their catering business while still working full time at their day jobs.
      Fast forward to now.
    their business has taken off (S+S Gastro Grub).
    and we finally get a chance to use them for an upcoming company holiday party!  I tell this part because you can never underestimate the power of the community table in a town like Oakland.
    and Cosecha gave us a warm and fuzzy feeling from the very beginning.
    Stopped in with daughter for a wonderful lunch today.
      One bite of the yam quesadilla and I couldn't stop talking about it.
      Just tasted so "real.
    " The tortilla was flavorful and the whole thing didn't need the sauces that came with it on the side.
     Daughter had the queso fundido and the pozole and liked them both.
     We also had the horchata which was very good.
    I timed it badly that I came on a Monday, because there are no seafood taco offerings on Mondays.
     It would be nice to always have fish tacos on the menu.
    but maybe that's fine, as then I wouldn't have tried the yam quesadilla!  Lovely atmosphere and super friendly service.
     We'll be back sooner this time!.
    Jackpot.
      Blue Plate Special - fish tacos, with beans and avocado garnish.
     Twelve bucks.
      Superb.
     Crisp, flaky fry outside and soft, luscious fish inside.
     The beans were so savory.
     This happening joint is in a big warehouse filled with other places doibg the same deal.
     Large tables are available allowing people to meet and mingle.
     Water is on all the tables.
       So groovy!.
    I wanted a meal, not an overpriced "quick snack.
    " Two little shrimp tacos for fifteen bucks? No gracias.
     It wasn't quick either.
     Left annoyed and hungry--won't be back.
    I came on a Thursday hoping to get my fish taco fix but was sadly disappointed.
     How are two very small tacos with a side of plain ol' rice and black beans supposed to fill you up for $13? Topping the fish tacos were large pieces of jalapeño which overpowered what little fish I ate.
     In addition we got an order of tortilla chips and salsa.
     The chips were extremely oily and the salsa came in a small container which we had to ask for a second filling because we were hungry still.
     I do like the market but don't think I'll be ordering from here again.
    Fancy, super hip, beautifully presented "Meso- American" twist on Mexican food.
     Familiar and surprising at the same time.
     Sangria was excellent!!! Pico de gallo was exceptional.
     Located in middle of downtown with lots of access to drinks or dancing afterwards.
     Portions are medium/small and prices are moderate/high- don't arrive starving.
     Would definitely stop by again for a pre-drinks fancy snack.
    Its pricey, but this place has the best food i have ever had.
     Especially the pork in the pork belly tacos.
     Soo perfect.
    I've been here a few times and am every time so impressed.
     The ingredients are absolutely as fresh, seasonal, and creative as they claim, and the execution of flavors is clearly well-conceived.
     This place would be easy to miss, so if you're in the area and love delicious, thoughtful, and bold Mexican food, don't miss Cosecha!.
    Best zucchini tacos I ever ate!  Guacamole was amazing, too.
    1.
     I want to marry the chef2.
     Best chocolate chip cookie outside of the ones my mom made when I was growing up.
     3.
     Get the corn - it will make you want to (see #1).
    Amazing atmosphere.
     In a busy area of Oakland you can find this precious food court that has a home feeling.
     And Cosecha seriously serves you real Mexican food topped with elegant balance of flavors, also thanks to Dominica ( Chez Panisse for years ).
    I was walking to my car after lunch and looked to see what Cosecha's daily special was and saw Mole Verde con Pollo.
     There's always room for another taco right? $3.
    97 including tax.
    They've reduced the diameter of their handmade taco tortillas with the same amount of meats &amp; sauce making a much better balance between fillings &amp; tortillas.
     The taco comes topped with fresh white onions and pepitas (and usually cilantro yelp.
    com/biz_photos/bGc4…).
    Tender and moist (poached?) chicken.
     The mole is lightly rich and mildly spicy.
     They've had different moles for the Monday Chicken Mole special so call ahead, if you're looking for a specific type (Negro, Poblano, Verde, etc.
    ).
    Seriously? Don't knowI don't know what the big deal is.
     Fish tacos were ok.
     Nicely deep fried fish sitting on a piece of lettuce, sitting on corn tortilla with some aioli dripped on it.
     Unremarkable.
     Chicken tacos less remarkable.
     They did not have the quesadillas available (half the menu).
        Horchata the sweetest I've ever tasted which, for me, not a plus.
     We ordered chips and salsa and got 10 stale chips and 1 tablespoon of salsa.
     Go to the Tacos El Gordo taco truck on International in Oakland for much better food at 1/4 the price!.
    Had the fish tacos.
     They were decent but not worth the price.
     Portions are small, service was disinterested at best.
     Cool spot though, lots of potential.
    Holy frijol, Cosecha is delicious!I usually find fancier Mexican food to be suspect, but hey, I don't see any taco trucks in Downtown Oakland, and Cosecha has rave reviews.
     This hesitation was before I knew that they have butternut squash quesadillas.
     Had I known I would have made like a jumping bean and come pronto.
     This butternut squash quesadilla is amazing-and you have the option of adding meat or keeping it vegetarian.
     The carnivore prevailed and their delicious grilled chicken was added.
     That Oaxacan cheese is a lipid lovers dream-so good.
      Their tacos I had on my second visit didn't dazzle me, but not much would after trying my drug of choice, the bnsquash quesadilla.
     I could definitely taste that the housemade tortilla and meats were quality, though.
     Love the open air space, friendly service (the owner gave me a free oatmeal cookie hotouttadaoven), and boon to one of Oakland's most picturesque blocks.
     I'll definitely be back to reap what Cosecha is sowing.
    No stars the food was horrible.
      The quesadillas were disgusting &amp; bland.
      I tired to change my order they refused to give me another plate &amp; give me my money back.
       She said that the shrimp was to expensive.
      Never again will I come back here.
      Rude rude rude.
    Sometimes, I just have to scratch my head and wonder about people's taste.
      Yes, it's subjective.
      But I can't for the life of me figure out why this restaurant gets such rave reviews.
     Is there such a dearth of good Bay Area restaurants?  After seeing this on Check Please, Bay Area and realizing that this place was just around the block from my work, I was excited to try it.
      I ordered the Blue Plate Special of crispy shrimp tacos and a cup of the pozole.
      The tacos came with a side of pinto beans with small slices of avocado on top.
      The fried shrimp inside the taco was extremely greasy, and the oil tasted stale.
      There was absolutley no flavor in the shrimp taco unless you put the chipotle cream sauce on it.
      The tortillas were homemade, fresh and declicious.
      The pinto beans were bland and needed seasoning.
      The pozole was good (served with fresh tortillas), but had way too much cabbage in it (it was basically cabbage with a little broth) and a few hominy kernels.
      The taste of the broth was great, albeit a little too spicy for me (and I like hot).
    Oh, I also had a chocolate chip cookie - which was tasty, but clearly just a Nestle Toll House cookie recipeOverall, I would not go back again.
      I would rather have good, authentic street tacos from a taco truck then to have poorly done Mexican fusion.
    Great for lunchCasual, airy spaceOrder at the counter and food arrives promptly at your tableChicken tacos are good.
      Waitress thought we ordered the pork belly and she got super excited until we told her it was the chicken.
      So next time we'll have to try the pork belly and see what all the excitement was about.
    Chips, salsa &amp; guacamole are also yummy as a filler.
    Lunch special - two tacos &amp; agua fresca = $9Not a bad deal.
    My bf and I thoroughly enjoyed our food at Cosecha.
     We got the fresh tortilla chips with salsa and guacamole as well as the pozole.
     The ingredients were very fresh and flavorful and we were happy with our selection.
     The mimosas seemed to use fresh squeezed orange juice.
      Five stars for the food.
     Service-wise, there is room for improvement.
     My bf and I both ordered pozole and his came out very nice, and mine looked very sloppy and missing the toppings that he got.
     I value toppings more than he does, so I was very disappointed.
      The waitress reluctantly offered to get me more toppings, but never returned.
     My over-easy eggs also came out sunny side up and I had to request it to be corrected, luckily it came out fine.
    Tacos here will cost you an arm and a leg but you are definitely paying for good quality products.
     The pork belly tacos washed down with a horchata is highly recommended.
    Very good, very straightforward but surprisingly sophisticated Mexican food.
     Think more a casual, "Frontera Grill" than a "Chevy's".
     You will not find everything slathered in cheese to the point of being a formless blob, bathed in a sea of refried beans.
     The spices are the main draw, and it's fresh and fantastic.
    It's counter service, and there are some great and affordable Happy Hour specials.
     There's also a super cute, kinda flirty guy at the counter, which doesn't hurt either.
     ;)Definitely coming back!.
    We were there for dinner last night.
     The atmosphere is interesting: trendy food court of Swan's market.
    Everything we had was awesome.
     We've tried the fish tacos (delicious), the pork belly tacos (amazing), grilled squash with corn and pumpkin-seed chile (awesome) and the mango-kumquat salad (mmmmmh).
     Their drink and desert menu is on the short side but gosh, the food is good.
    I've eaten at Cosecha twice, now, and this second dining experience has really confirmed for me that this place is committed to homey, artisan like food with seasonal and fresh ingredients.
     I had the Blue Plate Special- fish tacos with a huge, savory bowl of black beans.
      The beans alone were so perfectly seasoned and warm and tender with a lovely gravy/like sauce -- almost a really thick black bean soup.
    The fish tacos were composed of pieces of fried cod, a sour cream chipotle sauce, one slice of jalapeño, and some cabbage in a corn tortilla.
      Beautifully fried fish that had a very delicate and light texture.
      The service was super excellent and friendly and very respectful-- really top notch service.
      Furthermore, the young man who served me recommended their house hot sauce-- which was bright with a great kick.
    The ambience is of an open air market; very comfortable and pleasant.
      I am so lucky this place is two blocks from my office, and it's just perfect for lunch.
    I really like the ambiance of this place.
      Well, depends, I would imagine you may run into the occasional individuals who think they own the place because of their privileged lives (but that's another story).
    I ordered the fish tacos here (comes with black beans and rice) along with the Chips and Guac.
      For the beverage, I got the horchata latte which is pretty awesome.
      The fish tacos, beans, and rice were pretty good but for $13 bucks, I cannot say it's worth it.
      I must say though that the chips, salsa, and guac were very very good and I would pay the same amount for that item.
      My bill came out to be about $22 bucks.
      Service: I would like to thank the employee who brought the food to the tables, and also took our dishes away later on.
      Very nice and courteous.
      5 stars for him!Would I come back?  Maybe under the right circumstances but would not go out of my way to.
    Ok the huevos cuahutemoc are solid!.
    Great authentic mexican food! Ran into this place, I had the quesadillas best ones I have ever had at a restaurant! Homemade fresh tortillas! I will be back.
    Food was excellent, atmosphere is hip.
      We ordered the yam and cheese quesadilla for the little ones and they enjoyed it.
      I ordered the pork mole.
      It was extremely too spicy and the chef provided me with something less spicy that I could share with the kids.
    Cosecha = Delicious beyond words I can't have enough type of food !!! Cosecha  is home to me :) I worked at Cosecha for lil over two years.
     Even thoe I no longer work there I still come back to enjoy the food with out the work lol everything is so delicious full of flavor I could eat any plate but I must have to say my all time faves would be them shrimp tacos follow by some pork belly tacos it literally melt in your mouth and I can't forget about my mushroom quesadilla with pork.
     If we talking brunch CHILAQUILES VERDES POR FAVOR !! but no matter what I get here it always need to come with a side of beens.
     Those beans OMG I remember taking my lunch break and asking for a plate of beens with chicken, sour cream, pico de gallo, Guac and salsa verde sooo simple yet so amazing.
     (To bad this is not a menu item :( sorry non workers of Cosecha) my now husband (boyfriend when I work at Cosecha ) LOVES them and he not a beens fan, for him me going to cosecha with out him is the end of the world.
     He would be like "but you know I love cosecha " Indeed we do and not only do we love Cosecha but do we love even more its owner and chef Dominica with out her we wouldn't have Cosecha !! She's just amazing I don't know who is happier us when we go or her when she see us.
     I would always go back to Cosecha no other food can compare.
     I love recommending Cosecha because I know I would get that "OMG the food is amazing I can't wait to go back thank you " hahaha never fails.
     I would deff bring my future kids for a kids quesadilla while sipping on a HORCHATA LATTLE I sure gone need that caffeine but it would be a treat as well :).
    Cosecha is a really casual spot- you order at the counter and they deliver the food to your table.
     The shrimp tacos were great, and the breakfast torta was hearty and delicious!Come early if you want the horchata latte- they were already out by 1:30 :( Well, come early in general.
     They ran out of chips before we got there too.
    Locally sourced ingredients with a focus on social justice.
     She trained at Chez Panisse.
     He's a professor at Cal State East Bay.
     How could you not support this fabulous restaurant?!.
    Excellent food.
     Everything I've tried has been absolutely delicious.
     I grew up in Santa Ana and have traveled extensively throughout Mexico and Latin America and can say that the food here is quite authentic and definitely flavorful.
    The green mole is fantastic and the handmade tortillas are a treat.
     I highly recommend the queso fundido.
    Great Mexican joint.
     However, the portions are very small for a high price.
     I would suggest the tortas, over the the tiny tacos ($3.
    65) and pork belly tacos ($4.
    50).
     If you want good tacos for a reasonble price, head over to Mi Rancho taco truck on 1st ave and 14th street.
    Food was good, can taste the quality.
     Pricing for a shop like this was way off.
     15 bucks for two tacos.
    So let me start with what is good: the food is decent and the seating area is nice and good for large groups as you can order at the counter, share large tables, etc.
     Staff are also kind.
     That said, the PRICE IS BEYOND the far reaches of reasonable.
     $15 for two tiny tacos and a bunch of white rice (and no chips included) is totally incommensurate with the prices and portions of other high end counter-order taquerias in the area like picante or tacubaya, even accounting for the cost of special ingredients like shrimp, etc.
    original review, September 2014 (update below):WOW.
     I was expecting over-priced and small portions, after reading the gourmet menu -- But I got decent portions of gourmet served in sustainable to-go containers (no petroleum products, no plastic -- all recycled and compostable packages), for a reasonable price and very quickly.
     I ordered tacos and bean soup to go, on my way to an evening job.
     It was served with a side of beans, rice and tortillas.
     I had enough for lunch the following day as well.
     EVERY part of the order was outstanding -- The sauces, the garnish, the raw ingredients - all of the highest quality and absolutely delicious! Spicy enough to satisfy my preference for extra chili pepper.
     I also appreciate the ambiance of the place -- I was expecting pretentious, but it's like an open cafeteria with several options and a communal eating area.
     The server was quick and helpful.
     I will be eating here regularly.
      Genuine 5 stars.
    ** UPDATE June 2015: I had to downgrade my initial 5-star rating to 4-star.
     (See original review, above).
     Unfortunately, the past several times I've visited Cosecha, the server has skimped on portions, with my containers of beans, rice, and guacamole only half-filled.
     Come on, it's expensive enough with those little containers filled up.
     I've noticed that I get more generous portions from certain servers, on certain days + times.
     Less on others.
     I wish it were consistent.
     .
    This place is overpriced for the food that you get.
      Seems to follow the food truck trend.
      Not recommended.
    I give this spot a 4 due to service being slow.
     I ordered and waited for my drink for some time and funnily asked for it.
     Maybe the drink with meal is the norm.
     The vibe is casual and cool but you will hit business lunches as well in full dress.
     The food is a farm-to-table concept.
     The tacos are tasty.
     They use a single tortilla.
     The braised beef has a dark, spiced sauce that was nice.
     The chicken had great flavor as well.
     Don't expect a massive menu.
    Last time I was here, their special wasn't actually a deal, it was just an item from the menu that was featured and written on a board, but it wasn't cheaper or 'on special' in any way.
     We ordered it, and it said it came with cornbread, but it did not.
     I asked and they said they were out of cornbread, although they did not offer to supplement with something else.
     Small portions for a high price.
    A really nice and open location, with ample seating and a friendly environment.
     I tried the crispy tacos special, which came with 2 crispy pork tacos (there's also a vegetarian option), pinto beans, and avocado salsa.
     The tacos were actually pieces of pork wrapped in thick, fried taco shells.
     I was disappointed that there wasn't any filling like lettuce or tomatoes, but the avocado salsa was so delicious I was fine just dipping my tacos in that.
     Definitely a new experience and fun to eat! The beans were very tasty as well.
    Came back on a few other occasions and tried the fish tacos and the shrimp tacos.
     The shrimp are HUGE (since they're wild caught) and super juicy/flavorful.
     The fish tacos were a bit of a let-down.
     I feel like the fish alone isn't flavorful enough to warrant a lack of fillings.
     (All the fish tacos had were cabbage, sauce, and a sprig of cilantro) Overall, it's pretty pricy for the amount of food you get.
     Definitely not one of the cheapest options around, but I guess you need to pay for the quality.
     And the wait during the lunch rush can be pretty long.
    Had really good lunch here.
    Prices are reasonable, but the atmosphere is very casual.
     You order at the counter.
    We shared the posole.
     it was so good.
     Lots of cilantro and it had some heat to it.
     Might be too much for some people.
    I had the crimini mushroom quesadilla.
     It was perfectly grilled.
     The salsa that came with it was very good.
     And the guacamole was right on.
     Right amount of spice and lime.
    My SO's wild shrimp tacos were good.
     Two fried shrimps in each taco.
      But the side of beans was little bland.
    Oh and we had a choc chip cookie, free for asking.
     It was on the counter.
    I would be definitely back.
    When this place first opened I had the same complaints as some other reviewers here - high prices, small portions, indifferent service.
      Here's the thing though:  This place has seriously upped its game over the past few months, to the point it is now cranking out some of the best food in the bay area.
      No joke, this place is worth a special pilgrimage, especially on mole Monday.
      The mole verde is just OUT OF THIS WORLD good.
    I almost always get the blue plate special.
      It's a reasonable sized portion and the food is just exquisite.
      Sure it's a little pricier than most east bay tacquerias (more at an SF level), but the quality and sophistication of the food more than merit the (still very reasonable) price.
      They make their own tortillas and all the ingredients are absolutely top notch.
      The presentation is also really well done.
    I like the set-up, too.
      It's a particularly nice place to eat on a sunny day, with the open air feel and outside tables.
    Finally, the service has gotten noticeably friendlier over the past few months.
      A trend I hope will continue.
    It was definitely time to upgrade my review to five stars.
     I come here multiple times a week.
     This is my neighborhood spot and I always feel welcome.
     Love that the menu changes seasonally.
    I'm not sure what happened to the people who got bad service because when I went the service was perfect and very friendly.
     I had dinner here on a Saturday night with my wife and we loved it, the location is great and historic the food was very good, fresh, great quality ingredients and good sized portions.
    The homemade chips are fresh crispy and really tasty, the tortillas are handmade warm tender and awesome, the beans are really good overall just super good mexican food, I recommend it.
    I am excited to see restaurants taking a chance with mexican food and not doing the same old taqueria thing.
    The food is decent.
     Pricing of the tacos is a bit expensive.
     The customer service could use improvement.
     I will most likely not return due to the manner in which I was spoken to when I wanted modifications to my meal.
    Love their shrimp taco and posole soup, love the food, love the ambiance!.
    If you are looking for a good heavy meal and unique beer in Oakland, the Hog's Apothecary is the place to be.
      Its a small neighborhood restaurant, that has an industrial tap house feel.
      The staff was friendly and service was great.
      I would not say the service was particularly fast or slow, but servers were attentive despite how busy the restaurant was.
     I really enjoyed the beer list.
      It seemed to feature mostly small local breweries (many I had never even heard of).
      The variety of the beer selection was great and everything we tried was wonderful.
      I love trying new beer, especially from small California breweries, and I loved that this restaurant offered a wide variety of choices.
     The restaurant does take reservations.
     They seem to be busy while we were there so if you can get a reservation I recommend it.
      However (according to the website, only some of the restaurant can be reserved, so they also take plenty of walk-ins).
      There are two TVs above the bar area, so If you are hoping to catch a game on TV they have you covered.
     Our food was excellent.
     All of the small bites were great.
     The pretzel was my favorite.
     That alone could have been my meal.
      The spicy mustard was GREAT, but spicy!! If you love horseradish you will LOVE this mustard (and its perfect with the buttery flavor of the pretzel).
      I had the Titanic salad.
      It was great and plenty of food for a main meal.
      My husband had half dozen oysters and ribs and he had nothing but positives to say about that.
      My only criticism about the experience was that the restaurant was very warm inside.
      The windows were open but it didn't seem to provide much airflow.
     Its a small space, so with the kitchen cooking and a full restaurant it can become uncomfortably warm.
      Overall, great beer, yummy food and nice people.
      We will definitely go back.
    Pros:  fast and friendly service           Food is hearty and good           Good beer selectionCons: food is very heavy .
    but it's good.
    First time dining here today.
      Had reservations for Mother's Day.
      We were seated quickly, and then it was almost 20 minutes before our waiter showed up.
      I had been looking around, with pleading eyes, hoping maybe someone could take the time to get a mimosa started for a mom.
      But no.
      No water, nothing.
      The place was still half empty.
    The food was really good though.
    My son ordered the biscuits and gravy, but the biscuits were kind of drowned in the gravy, so my son wasn't eating them.
      I asked if he could have a dry biscuit and they said sure no problem.
      Of course surprise when the bill came- they just had to charge us the $5 for the dry biscuit- which was about 15 cents of ingredients.
      If they had warned us at the time they they weren't simply trying to help a customer be satisfied with their meal, and would be charging us, maybe I would not have been so annoyed.
      But between the 20 minute wait for service and the nickel and diming, it left me not looking forward to a return.
    If you care nothing about service, this place will be just fine.
    Visited today 5.
    4.
    16 I was working from home today and my friend stopped by to visit me.
     We got really hungry and decided to be adventurous and try a new place.
     The hog's apothecary has been on my list for quite some time now.
     I bookmarked it for their corn dog.
     It was pretty empty for a Wednesday at lunch.
     I guess it's to be expected.
     Sadly, they didn't have the corn dog offered today at lunch.
     I decided to get the trail park boy.
     Their bread is good! The mortadella was new to me.
     I liked it, a bit too salty.
     Actually salt was a big problem with our meal here.
     We share the supernova appetizer/starter.
     It was a mixed green beet salad with herb crème fraîche.
     It was so incredibly SALTY.
     We kind of forced ourselves to eat it when we honestly should've just sent it back or just stopped eating it.
     The only thing good about the salad was the toasted hazelnuts.
     My side salad that came with my sandwich was also wayyyy to salty.
     I didn't even try to eat it.
     We drank two jugs of water while we were there.
     This place was pretty disappointing.
     /: I wouldn't come back here unless it was to try their corn dog.
    Excellent experience at this place.
     Communal seating, sports TVs, great service, and gourmet artisan food.
     Their products are quality, and so even though they're pricey, they are decently portioned.
     They change their menu every day, so that's exciting.
    Fun place in Oakland! I came here for dinner with friends after a day of drinking our way through Napa.
    Outside, you'll be impressed with the big clean windows and inside, you'll find community tables and a menu with lots of beers.
    and a surprising amount of hotdogs.
     Most of my group went the hotdog route but I opted for the "Pride of Castroville" which was delicious with juicy artichokes.
     Fun service, chill atmosphere.
    Lively, quality gastropub that's helping to put the area around 40th Street and Broadway on the map as a new dining corridor in Oakland, with a feel and identity that's distinct from gentrified Piedmont Avenue not far away.
    The first things you notice are the tremendous craft beer selection and the meat/pork-heavy menu.
     As for the beer, the selection is quite extensive and although it features mostly craft brews, it looks like it's been curated to be very comprehensive across all major styles.
     Moreover, if you have any questions about any single beer item, you could ask for a little taste, or you could ask for advice on what pairs well with certain dishes on the menu.
    And as for the menu, it is quite meat-heavy (although I assume some items may be vegetarian-friendly or can be made so).
     While items like sausages might sound steep at around $13, the portion size is tremendous, and the case of the "Got Seoul" sausage that they offered recently, it comes topped uniquely with Asian ingredients.
     There are even meatier, more substantial entrees available too, all with whimsical names to them.
     Everything is so meaty and delicious, you'll be "mmm"-ing with approval throughout the meal.
    The overall atmosphere is quite friendly and festive, with lots of communal seating, and the place can be packed most of the time.
     Service is also knowledgeable and friendly too.
     Chalk up another win for the 40th Street area and for the Oakland dining scene.
    Your typical hipster joint.
     Bearded men, beer, beer snacks made in-house, pretzels.
    Crater Lake Root Beer was delish.
     Served in a metal cup with perfectly square ice cubes that don't get in the way, it has a refreshing but light sassafras taste.
     It's $5 for about 10 oz.
    Pretzel was pretty average.
     The mustard was more like wasabi pretending to be mustard.
     The malted mayo was brown mayo.
    The space is pretty comfortable but service was okay.
     No one came to our table for quite a while until we asked.
    Awesome brunch.
     Hangar steak and eggs were perfectly rare and runny (respectively) and biscuits with friend chicken add-on was gooey and juicy (respectively)Draught iced coffee was strong without being overly bitter and creamy smooth cream.
    Service was quick and attentive and just as hipster as one would expect.
    A happy find in Oakland.
      Interesting selection of beers and tasty food.
      I had the New York Reuben sandwich and was very satisfied.
      The pastrami is almost shredded, which worked fine, and the flavor was excellent.
      Husband had the meatball sandwich and enjoyed it tremendously.
      Freshly made potato chips were perfectly cooked.
      We will happily go back anytime.
    This is a very difficult place to decide whether it's a 3 or a 5 star.
     I opted for 4 stars, and here's why.
     The ambiance is beautiful.
     The lighting is low and glowing, and extremely inviting.
     The overall setup of this restaurant is well thought out.
     And they have a pretty decent selection of beer on tap; different local breweries with brief descriptions.
     Their food is pretty good.
     It's a bit pricey for my wallet, but that's with the understanding the local (sustainable) farmers provide produce and meat.
     And it's good.
     Just beyond my budget for the most part.
     I have a pretty decent job and all, but this is Oakland after all, and $25 entrees, no matter how high the quality of food, is just not within my budget of reasonable spending for a single entree, not including drinks, not including  my partner  or her  choice of food and beverage.
     I will probably just stick to going there for some booze.
     The bartenders are great, the servers are somewhere between mediocre and great, and overall this business seems to have a lot of pride and it presents itself well.
     Definitely worth stopping by for a beer and scoping things out.
     It's very inviting.
    ** honorable mention, this is with respect to Jack R review.
     Just wanted to make the argument that Jack's review is wildly inappropriate.
     Not only is it borderline chauvinistic with his constant mention of how attractive the waitress was, but it's inappropriate with respect to how his failure to order left the waitress to awkwardly make suggestions and order food for him, that he later, somehow, "realized" he didn't know what she had ordered, and therefore he did not like it.
     Went on to joke about how his friend nearly pushed the waitress into his lap, then complained about the food again.
     You're a douche, Jack.
     I think you should take your review down.
     **.
    My girlfriend and I went on a double date with two of our friends, and we had dinner at The Hog's Apothecary.
     It was a Saturday night, and there was a good crowd.
     This restaurant has communal tables which is something that I absolutely disdain.
     As someone who has a busy schedule and is in a long distance relationship, my time with my girlfriend, my friends, and my family is precious to me.
     When I finally get the time to spend with my self-selected company, I hate having to shout over strangers to avoid being drowned out by their own conversations.
     That being said, the communal tables at Hog's were not nearly as cramped as the ones at Homeroom.
     You still have to do a lot of yelling though.
     The hard wooden benches were pretty uncomfortable too.
     Everything else about the restaurant was really great though.
     They offer a preponderance of great local and semi-local beers on tap.
     I had the Buddha's Hand IPA from Berryessa Brewing in Winters, CA, and it was awesome.
     It was not overly bitter and had a pleasant citrus taste from the Buddha's hand.
     Everyone else enjoyed their beers as well.
    My girlfriend and I started our meal with a soft pretzel.
     The pretzel had a rich, brown skin and was light and airy on the inside.
     I really enjoyed the spicy mustard dipping sauce that came with the pretzel.
     The heat from the mustard hits you right in the sinuses (in a good way).
    For our meal, we shared the corn dog and the Jamaican Me Crazy sausage.
    Corn dog: Easily one of the best (non-State Fair) corn dogs I've ever had.
     However, I feel like corn dogs are kind of like donuts.
     Awful ones are still pretty good, and even the best version with the best possible ingredients is only a few times better than the average ones.
     Jamaican Me Crazy: The sausage was tasty, although the jerk seasoning could have been a little more bold.
     I only tasted faint traces of allspice.
     The bun pillow-soft and provided a textural contrast to the pop I would get when biting into the casing of the sausage.
     The potato chips were tasty too.
     While both items were really good, they do seem a little overpriced for what they are.
    Our service was good, although there was some redundancy between the servers.
     Several different people came around to take our orders and this led to some confusion when my girlfriend ordered a second beer and two of the servers mistakenly thought that the other one would get the beer.
     They got it right eventually though.
    Overall, I like The Hog's Apothecary and would come back another time for beer and a corn dog.
    Every time I pass by Hog's Apothecary, it's filled to the brim with customers.
     The menu is filled with (overpriced) sausage options.
     I guess it's their specialty, but no way in hell I am buying into gourmet hotdogs prices anymore.
     I already think Rosamunde and Wurstkuche in LA are overhyped and overpriced so $12+ for a dog? I really don't think so.
    Instead, I tried out the brunch menu.
     At first look, everything is pleasant.
     The servers are nice, the interior is open with long communal tables, and they have an extensive "hipster" beer list.
     I'm on a Belgian kick lately for I get the two Belgian beers and they are both delicious.
     After we ordered the food, about 45 minutes have passed and we are already close to finishing our second beer.
     The service is painfully slow.
     In fact, I saw some other tables that came in after us getting their food first.
     What's up with that?They see us get a bit antsy and assure us our food is coming out.
     I receive my French Monsieur which is good, with a nice kick of Horseradish.
     I also try the Apothecary Benedict and must admit, the house made ham is quite good.
     Everything tastes pretty good but they are all pretty much heart attacks on a plate.
     The food is definitely better than average but not enough to make me keep wanting to come back.
     The problem with this place, and a bunch of other new hipster joints in Oakland, is that everything is "artisanal" but that doesn't mean it necessarily makes everything taste better nor does it justify the stiff prices.
     There are too many places in Oakland which offers a good beer list and hipster food, but it's kind of getting out of hand.
     What's next, $20 sausage made with baby dragon butt and foie gras? I digress but I didn't feel Hog's was a step above any other already existing places.
     That's why I'll give it an A-OK.
    We brought some of our fam here, because I mean it has hog in the name--- why wouldn't we? They only serve beer and wine, so don't expect a full bar.
      The menu is a great mix of stuff to share and entrees.
      We ordered a mix of bar snacks, appetizers and one entree to share.
      Everything was super tasty! The staff was super awesome.
      The one thing that I didn't like was the bench seating (I need a seat back when filling my belly) and there was no where to hang my jacket &amp; purse.
      We will definitely go back here to try more of the menu.
    My wife &amp; I decided to start out 2016 with brunch here today.
      Brunch was quite busy today, so it was good that we made a reservation.
      She started with a mimosa, while I had a pint of hefeweizen (a tough choice, as they have over 25 beers on draft).
      I ordered the chicken and waffles.
      You can get either maple syrup or gravy with this order, but I recommend the syrup.
      The onion waffle and fried chicken are very savory, so the sweetness of the syrup brings a nice balance.
      They use boneless chicken thighs, so you can forgo utensils and just dig in with your bare hands!My wife ordered a benedict, which comes with the house pastrami.
      The egg was cooked perfectly, but the dish (along with the house potatoes) were a little on the salty side.
    We ordered a side of bacon to share, which could have been cooked a little longer.
    The service was excellent:  attentive, but not overbearing.
      The place got pretty loud as it got crowded, but it was very festive for the holiday.
    I was out Free Wheeling and I had a fresh Charge on my Ankle Bracelet .
     Today was a good day to eliminate another Book Mark .
    So I rolled to The Hogs Apothecary and Oaktown.
    I rolled up and Parked right across the street .
     No Parking Lot just Street Parking .
    They also have Bike Parking right up front.
     The Cool Thing is the Front Door Handles are Shaped like Giant Meat Cleavers.
    I was Greeted upon Entering and  Grabbed  a Seat at the Bar.
     The Furnishings are Very Sturdy and some of it is from Repurposed Materials very cool.
     Their Bar Menu and Food Menu Change Daily .
     They also Butcher a Whole Pig every Tuesday and they use every part in Meal preparation .
    They have 2 LCD TVs for Sporting Events .
    They also have a Nice Big Open Air Skylight .
    Their Bartenders are a Wealth of Info .
    They have several Micro Brews on Tap.
    I ordered a Whippersnapper -Southern English Style Brown Mild Ale .
     I Liked It.
    I then ordered a Chocolypto - Imperial Stout with Oatmeal and Cacao .
     I really like this one it was Rich and Robust .
    My Final Beer was Framboos / Batch 28 -Belgian Style Ale with Raspberries .
     This is a Must Order very Flavorful and Fruity .
    For Dinner I Ordered The Belgian Braise - House Butchered Pork Shoulder braised in Societe ale , heirloom grits , charred radish rapini  braising  jus ,hard herb- bread crumb salsa .
    This was very good the Pork was so Tender it melted in my Mouth .
     Yummy I also ordered a Corn Dog and it Came with House rendered Lard Fried Kennebec Potato Chips and Mixed Pickles .
     This was also good .
    My Servers were Very Nice and Prompt .
     I Paid By Discover Card and Rolled out.
    The fried chicken was piled high and looked scrumptious, but it was raw.
      Not under done, not pink.
      Gelatinously raw.
      I asked that it be removed from the bill which they did, but I was surprised our server didn't seem more alarmed by the fact that raw chicken made it onto the plate.
     This is fine if you like communal tables.
    It took me awhile, but I finally got to try Hog's and for brunch, nonetheless.
    I came on a Saturday and there was a good crowd and we got seated right away.
     I had one of their many beers on tap, though I don't recall which one.
     I went with the Belgian Waffles with Fried Chicken.
     The waffles were savory and the fried chicken was a must.
     Otherwise, what's the point? The dish was excellent.
     Though the person I was with got the something else, it was very small for the price, even though my dish was a bit pricey as well.
     I don't remember what he got, as it is not on the menu online.
     The food is good and the service is good as well.
     This is a place I would come to every once in a long awhile, but certainly worth a try.
    I live down the street so I always end up here when I can't make a decision on what to eat.
     Great beer selection and excellent food.
     Menu is always changing, which is nice because I can always order something new.
     The bartender told us they base their menu off of what is available that day.
     Also, service has always been super friendly.
    I should have ordered the Fried Chicken.
    As good as that dish looked though (and as much as I wanted to try it), I knew I had to order something pork related.
      After all, between Hog's Apothecary's name and their giant pig statue that hovered behind me, it'd practically be sacrilegious not to!  And I am not one to mess with the pork/bacon/pork belly powers that may be (all hail, Bacon!).
    With a menu that is constantly changing, Hog's Apothecary has a lot to offer, even if the day's menu isn't super extensive - roughly a dozen starters and sides, a handful of sausages, and a few different entrées.
      What's more, there's beer and lots of it.
      With over 25 varieties on tap (mostly craft brews), you could even forgo eating and just sample beers all night long.
    -- SPICY PORK CRACKLIN'S.
    $3(yelp.
    com/biz_photos/the-…)These cracklin's are crackin'!  Not only are they borderline addictive, but they really do pack some heat, as every piece is coated with a spicy, mouth-watering seasoning (don't forget the lime!).
      What's more, the portion is quite generous!  A great starter for groups to share.
    -- BOURBON-CHICKEN LIVER PATE.
    $6(yelp.
    com/biz_photos/the-…)Although larger slices of bread would have been nice to spread out all that pate, I'm not definitely not complaining about those giant gobs either!  While every bite was rich and decadent, the taste was also nicely accentuated by the sea salt and the berries.
      If this isn't the best one I've had, it wouldn't be far behind.
    -- SUPERFECTA SAUSAGE SANDWICH - Pork, Rabbit, Chicken, Tim's Brown Ale, Basque Chili &amp; Mild Herbs, Fennel-Onion Braise, Dijon Mustard.
    $14(yelp.
    com/biz_photos/the-…)The only blemish, but it was a big one.
      I was hopeful for trio of meats in the sausage, but it wasn't even juicy, let alone flavorful.
      Ironically, the braise had the opposite effect, overpowering whatever flavor the meat had with fennel.
      Sadly, besides the chips, the only other thing I enjoyed were the pickled vegetables.
    As underwhelming as my order was, it really was the only "bad" thing about my experience.
      Great food otherwise, an awesome selection of beers, fantastic staff (they let our large party split our bill into smaller tabs), and (relatively) easy parking.
      Plus, with several long tables, Hog's Apothecary is grew for groups large or small.
    Also, it's worth noting that the rest of my friends seemed to enjoy their food quite a bit (we all ordered different things), so it wouldn't surprise me if what I had just wasn't one of their better dishes.
      Especially since the starters were really good.
      Rounding up from THREE AND A HALF STARS, but I wonder what might have been if I had only ordered the fried chicken!.
    4.
    5 StarsProsA great variety of draft beers + a flight option Pretzel was easily shareable and well done Fun atmosphereChill staff ConsUmmmm can be pricey depending on your beer choice Overall ThoughtsWhile I enjoyed my experience with the beer I want to come back for the food to see if it can be bumped up that last half star!.
    Order the meatballs (appetizer) and fried chicken.
     They have tons of beer on tap!  I was in the mood for cider and they had 2 to choose from.
    I can wait to come back here.
      Such a gem!.
    Will not be returning.
     I give the ambiance, environment, resources (food and drink) a mediocre mark, nothing special.
     It was the service I wasn't happy with.
     I have not ever been talked to like that here in the Bay Area.
     I brought my service dog and two friends and was felt less than welcomed.
     Although we did get to sit down for a beer.
     Our waiter, the bartender, Josh H, near beginning of dinner, was kind of an asshole to my friends and I.
     He immediately had a tone upon first approach like he wasn't going to like us, asking about my small dog.
     I told him we had already talked to the manager and were welcomed to sit down.
     I felt like he would have told us to leave.
    Josh came over to my friends and I to get our drink order.
     My friend had a question which left much to be interpreted.
     Instead of helping my friend out he insulted her by remarking "how all over the place" her question was.
     I was floored.
     I later asked for a glass of water.
     Of course I had my dog in my lap away from others, I gave him a chance to drink out of the glass.
     Josh comes out of nowhere and immediately rips the glass out of my hand and scolds me.
     Stroke two.
     We were all ready to leave by this point.
     He returned with a paper cup of water for my dog.
     Sweet? Hardly.
     He also assumed we wanted separate checks when we did not.
     Perhaps he was having a bad day but a first impression is a first impression bud.
     Terrible service.
     Money is tight for most and I wouldn't waste a second try on somewhere that was just ok.
     In order to harvest a community you should probably be more friendly to your locals and their pooches.
     Word spreads fast.
    It's currently SF Beer Week.
      Like, I'm sad that I even had to work at all this week, but I need the money to taste the beer, so here we are.
      Last night, the hubs and I met some good friends at the Hog's Apothecary as they were hosting brews from FiftyFifty Brewing.
      I stalked the menu online, and many of their offerings are meat and pork and sausage and YES.
      Our server was very friendly and very attentive.
       A+Location - near (in?) Temescal in Oakland.
      I hear this is a notorious hipsterville area.
      No matter, this place is kinda by itself on a corner.
      Walking in, there are picnic tables, so you sit community style with others.
      There was a bar to my right, communal seating in the middle, and bar seating along the left edge.
      I enjoyed the decor, but man, it's loud AF in there.
      We were there in the evening, after 7pm and it wasn't super crowded, but it sounded like it.
     We were fortunate enough to be able to move to a corner booth so we could hear our own conversation.
     Beer - I sampled two beers and shite, I can't remember the name of the FiftyFifty beer.
      It started with an M, if I remember correctly, and it was delicious.
      Winner winner!  The second beer was the German Table Beer, a dark German session with wheat.
      Also delicious.
      I wish it hadn't been a Wednesday night because I would've picked at LEAST three more to try.
      The selection is superb.
      Most of my stars are dedicated to this.
    Food - We ordered the Snack Bar and split among us four.
      I think it's a good bang for your buck.
      You get a HUGE fresh soft pretzel, house made corn nuts, olives, and pork cracklins.
      Everything on that platter was delicious, though I feel as though the cracklins were a little stale.
      Could've just been me.
      Hubs and I split the Steph Currywurst.
      It's a good portion for one person.
      That was my bad.
      Not too overwhelming with the curry flavor, with nice pickled onions and chips on the side.
      I left needing something else though.
    I took away a star due to price.
      Yes, the selection is great.
      The food is well thought-out and complementary to the beer list.
      It was pricey for me though (see 1st paragraph).
      A sausage dog, although delicious was $14.
      Overall, still a good place.
      I'd come here again on a semi-full stomach to sample more beer.
    Great brunch place! Friendly service.
     Sat at the bar and was served by a cool guy from San Diego.
     A wide variety of beer on tap.
     The Royale with Cheese was amazing.
     The oysters were sweet.
     I will definitely return to try the pumpkin pie donut holes!.
    If you want a sausage and beer, this is definitely the place to be! Also, if you're a giant hipster, go here:) the quality is excellent, the vibe is trendy (in all it's dark wood and metal accents, with some great pops of corrugated metal at the bar).
    This place is a major thumbs up, bring your friends and it'll be a great time!.
    I am glad I like this place because it's literally across the street from me.
     Be aware it gets PACKED and it's really not the place to just drop in for a beer on the weekend.
     They are really particular where you sit too so aside from the bar you must check in with the host/hostess.
     The food is good however a bit overpriced but the pretzel is huge and very reasonably priced.
     But you're really coming her for the beer.
     The beer list is great.
     Let me say that again-- the beer list is great.
     A ton of time goes into crafting this and you can tell.
     Everyone working there knows a ton and will recommend and let you tastes everything first.
     I miss the little shuffle board they used to have but they totally needed the space given how popular Hog's has become.
     It's great for the neighborhood and I am a big fan.
    Bacon.
     Pretzel.
     Fried chicken.
     Millions of local brew on tap.
     This man I know, who I call Lester, not his real name, of course, who is from the great state of Iowa, would have loved this place like hog in mud.
     My pre-race meal.
     It was very children friendly.
     I unfortunately was having a discussion with my dining partner about why men always cheat when a young couple with young children sat down.
     Yes it was a communal table style.
     So conversation of controversy could be overheard.
     Though I should not apologize for we have freedom of speech here and plus I know I am right.
     I am the confession chamber to many guy friends who cheat but feel guilty.
    Social commentary aside, this is kind of restaurant that serves the food for the people.
     Basic yet upscale.
     Possibly the best fried chicken with collard greens I have ever eaten.
     I ordered the pork shoulder with grits, delicious.
     Pretzel with two kinds of gourmet mustard, yum.
     But, the most surprising thing was the apple and celery root soup called fruit and root soup.
     Creamy, yes, but also very light and sweet.
     Very girlie dish I think.
     I think the sausages looked great.
     I want to come back to try the local brew.
     Very fashionable.
     This place felt a bit Midwestern and a bit of the South, and slightly Brooklyn.
     Oakland is having a moment.
     I sort of kind of want to share my finds with everyone.
     Time to make some new friends so I can show them how Oaklanders do food.
    We arrived early for our reservation so sat at the bar where we enjoyed some of the amazing beers they have on tap.
     The service and atmosphere was so great we decided to just fine at the bar and what a treat.
     We had bar snacks of olives and spicy pork crackling - both delicious.
     Next the chickfritz which made me wish I could cook so well.
     For our main we shared the shrimp and grits - let's say I had to strongly resist licking the plate! Final course was the pumpkin and pretzel donuts with a custard sauce.
     I'll admit to drinking what was left of the custard sauce.
     The donuts themselves were packed with flavor and delightfully moist.
     Finally did I mention the beer selection? Great choice of local small brews, many of which I love so glad Hogs supports them.
     I will definitely be back.
    Wasn't impressed with the food or service,but the place looks nice.
     Wouldn't go back.
    This area is infested with hipsters and there's nothing to complain about that.
     This restaurant is exactly what this area needed! Craft beer galore.
     This is a more intimate hipster place with cafeteria tables and a bar stools all around (they really want you to start talking to the strangers).
     What I lovvvvveeee is the style and the Devore of this place.
     The plentiful of windows and the high ceilings.
     It really comfortable here.
    They have a huge selection of craft beer all over the east Bay Area as well as out of town beers.
    For now I only tried their hot dogs and pretzel.
     The pretzel was good! Nice and soft and really big enough for two.
     Just AVOID dipping a huge piece into their yellow home made mustard sauce.
     It taste like wasabi.
     As for the hotdog, Jamaican Jerk Off.
     It was ok.
     The Bun broke off cause it was so soft.
     The sausage was good.
     The vegetable they added on top didn't chop off well with the bite.
     I mean it's a hot dog, so simple but they made it so complex that it was hard to understand why.
     I would come back again for the beer for sure.
    Went there again recently and was actually amazed by the food.
     Had mussels and some kind of fabulous salad and vegetable fritter thing.
     It was so fresh, interesting and delicious! (Yes.
     I licked the plate.
    ) Sometimes it's just a matter of respecting your own culinary boundaries and finding the right thing to eat.
     And of course, enjoying The Hog's creative and excellent execution.
    Not sure what's going on but we have been sitting here for 30 minutes! We came in and the waitress took our beer order.
     10 minutes later got our beers! She never came back walked around helping all 10 people in the restaurant.
     Trying to flag her down no eye contact smh.
     Well at least my dead canary is good.
     oh boy she walked by again!! Check please I guess we can't try the food.
     Let me change it to one star even ride when asking for the check!!.
    I came here during restaurant week and it was pretty busy.
     The service was great and the food was okay.
    Excellent beer selection Slowish service, only had maybe 1 or 2 waitstaff for a  busy Saturday night.
     I was going to order the corn app but thankfully I was told it was essentially corn nuts.
    Pistachio mortadella was goodPork  crackling was deliciousShrimp grits were absolutely fantasticCorn dog was extremely dissapointing, the breading fell apart and wasn't crispy or thick enough and the sausage was bleh.
    Sorry, but don't believe the hype.
     Although Hog's is a guiding light for the Temescal gentrification movement, the service is kind of pretentious dudes old timey haircuts and ironic t-shirts, the food is meh, and the vibe is kind of wack.
     Thanks for the $7.
    50 beer and microwaved pretzel.
     Wah-wahhhhhh.
    You know, I found the menu very hard to navigate.
     Maybe I went at the wrong time of the day? But we were only offered a bar menu and it was not straight forward.
     I felt almost intimidated trying to figure out why we had to de-code it.
     We had to ask the waitress a few times what is what and how we get what we want.
     She seemed at awe why we would ask suchhhh questions but then she served us marinated olives from a MASON jar.
     That was when I figured out we were going to be spending money on cool instead of food, so we nibbled and left.
     I may or may not stick my head in another time, just to see if their regular dinner menu will not be served on burlap or a birds nest.
     The restaurant itself is very pretty though!.
    I went here with two of my friends for Oakland Restaurant Week; unfortunately, we came at dinner and the offer was not available! Bummer! You walk in, and there is a bar, benches (Biergarten status), and stools around the edges.
     The decor was nice and even featured a giant hog.
     FOOD: We got the meatball appetizer and I got the Extras sandwich.
     My friends got the Area 51 and the Kielbasa.
     Overall, tasty.
     The food comes with freshly made chips and pickled vegetables.
     The chips were HEAVILY salted that I felt that it was just not good.
     Please hold back on the salt.
     Veggies were fine.
     The sausage combo itself was pretty good.
     DRINK:I got a double IPA.
     The place has a lot of beer options and are constantly rotating with choices, so beer options are great here.
     SERVICE: I was pleased with the service.
     Our waitress was attentive, but nothing spectacular, but our food and drinks come out in within a reasonable amount of time.
     Although, she took away our full water pitcher and gave it to another party.
     I was confused, but mistakes like that happen.
     OVERALL:To sum it up, very expensive, which probably is why it's 3 stars.
     For what I ate, the quality, and all, I don't see how I can justify $14 for a "sandwich" (a hot dog).
     We were content with the place at the end of the night, but believed the price and quality disparity was too big.
    I changed my mind.
     (after my last visit)Smarmy host.
     Over priced food.
     Yacky, pretentious &amp; droning hipster wannabes.
     It's downright annoying.
     I'm not going back.
     'tis a shame.
     Nice bartender.
     Great beer selection.
      .
    oh well.
    Great place to get a drink, and the food (at least, our pretzels) is great! They have a large variety of beers.
     I had the red flight, everyone else had lighter beers.
     The beer and the pretzels were all amazing!.
    Quick stop for a snack before heading out to a late dinner.
     The beer selections were pretty impressive! Decided to try the Hock &amp; Trotter Terrine - could use a bit of seasoning.
     The flavors didn't mix in together as well as we expected it to.
     Still overall satisfying.
    Despite passing by this place several times on my trek to Piedmont, I had never set foot in The Hog's Apothecary until this evening.
     I had always felt a tad bit put off by the name, as I am a strict vee-gan.
     Their menu didn't seem to be very veg-friendly (rather, not at all).
     However, my friend Lindsey (also a veg) brought me here, and I thought it was pretty neat, as far as bars go.
     I tried the Societe beer flight this evening ($10), which featured tantalizing names for each brew: The Harlot, The Debutante, and The Widow.
     All three of the beers hailed from San Diego.
     The service was a touch unfriendly, but I've come to expect that same surliness with hipster locales in the East Bay.
     The dining area and bar were both pretty jam-packed, so the host placed us, standing, at a counter by the window.
     The server seemed to dislike this placement, but where else were we to go? I think I would have bumped this one up to a 5 if the staff had took initiative and found us a table.
     Even so, at the end of the day, all of the beers I tasted were delicious, and I would definitely return to sample more of their cold beverages.
    The ambiance here is really nice.
     The beer is delicious and food is amazing.
     The pretzels with wasabi mustard sauce really opens your airway and taste so good.
    Been here for lunch and dinner now and it's been great!  The menu is limited but with enough choices and diversity for everyone to be able to find something.
      Extensive beer menu but I dont think liquor.
      Seating is communal on some tables to be ready to rub elbows with a stranger.
      Looking forward to going back as they update their menu.
    Loudest restaurant I've ever been in making the experience uncomfortable right as it began.
      The cracklins were chewy, not really crunchy, and didn't have any pork flavor to it.
      The terrine was too subtle and came on bread which tasted like it was a day old.
      My Versace sausage was one of the better ones I've had, well seasoned and juicy with a good kick, served on a soft bun which tasted kind of like a Hawaiian roll.
     The potato chips were fine but nothing special, reminds me of in-n-out fries which are "more fresh" but also just don't taste as good as other stuff you find.
    Overall a pretty average meal in an unpleasant setting.
    Wow! Literally the best benedict I ever had, and from a gastropub no less.
      The meat was amazing and the egg was perfectly poached.
      Excellent job! And I'm typically someone who is very particular with it comes to breakfast (I have a sous vide at home so it's hard to beat sous vide eggs).
      Plus great beer selection on top of that!.
    Had a nice lunch here with a mimosa and a "Vietnamese" sausage sandwich with an egg on it.
     quite good.
     You sit at communal tables.
     Maybe next time we come here for happy hour.
    We came back for dinner to celebrate our 1-year wedding anniversary (dropped in without a reservation) and in almost no time at all, we were seated in the exact same place as our first visit back in July.
     We had the same server, AND she remembered us! Pretty awesome.
     The blue cheese stuffed figs are not on the menu currently but they make some damn good steak (with blue cheese BUTTER!!! WOWWWW) and fries.
     I loved looking around the restaurant while we were eating and seeing how the staff all interacted with each other - laughing, talking, and at one point I looked up in time to see someone down half a glass of beer.
     I don't mean to imply they're unprofessional; rather I get the impression that people that work here love being around each other and working together in an environment that they enjoy, which definitely makes for a fun dining experience.
     If we lived closer (and made a bit more money) I'd want to be regulars.
    Seriously guys, if you're ever in the area, skip the crowds waiting outside Homeroom (although I also love that place) and just go about a block up for some of the best dishes in the east bay.
    Brunched here twice and the food has been delectable:Softshell crab Benedict - I snapped that up the moment I saw it, and so glad I did because it wasn't on the menu the next time I went here!  It was just as good I imagined it would be, plus the potatoes on the side were amazing.
    Savory waffle + fried chicken - I had this with both gravy and syrup, and really it should be done no other way.
      The fried chicken was boneless (all the easier to inhale you with, my dear), moist on the inside, crunchy but not greasy on the outside.
      The waffles were cornmeal-y, also with the perfect amount of crispness most becoming of a waffle.
      Have this dipped in syrup, and then the next bite smeared with gravy, then a bite of chicken, and so forth.
      I can guarantee the couple next to you who hasn't gotten their entrees yet will be slightly uncomfortable at you and your spouse's eating moans.
      Service was great.
      I would say in the summer be prepared for a cold drink along with everything else.
    Waltzed in here with a reservation for 2, just in case, on a Sunday morning for brunch.
     Upon first observation, this place is bright, open and cute!! Community tables for the social people and a few private tables for people like me.
     My friend opted for the Pastrami Benedict with Schmaltz Potatoes and I went for the Fried Chicken and Spring Onion Waffles with Huckleberry Jam.
     Let's not forget the mimosas, a brunch requirement.
     Delicious.
     That is all I have to say.
     Hands down best chicken and waffles I've had so far.
     And I've had a lot.
     No bones! I'm all about bones and meat handles but you know there be places that give you only skin and bones.
     Just meat baby.
     Crispy on the outside and tender, juicy on the inside.
     I'm salivating just thinking about it.
     And those schmaltzy potatoes?! I stole them off my friends plate.
     So damn good.
     That flavor! I can't get over this place!.
    This is one of our go-to brunch spots in the Bay Area.
     The beer selection is phenomenal, the food is great and we love the space with beautiful light big community tables.
     Some of our favorites include the French Madame, the schmaltzy potatoes, the Royale with cheese.
     The staff is always friendly, great customer service.
    Hipster is probably the best way to describe this place.
     The concept, the staff, the menu.
     This is something that you would expect in Portland - but none of this is necessarily a bad thing.
    My friend up in Oakland had reached out to me, and while looking at reviews for the Trappist, a mention about the Hog's Apothecary caught my eye.
     Fortunately the place was a few blocks from my friend and close to my sister.
     My friend has wanted to try this place, and I was curious.
    We showed up to standing room only - a good sign.
     My friend put her name down with a 30 minute wait, and we found a space to look over the beer menu.
     Really impressive, local menu.
     Some things I've tried, but there was plenty that I had never even seen before.
     Started with the 1903 Pre-Prohibition Style American Lager, which was delicious, and intelligently the beers got added to the menu tab for when we sat.
    Not even 10 minutes later we got a seat.
     Other than the bar, the place features long tables with benches.
     Herein lies the one of problem I see with this place: getting in and up from these benches if you have a middle seat and they are already packed.
     I eventually maneuvered in, but it wasn't easy.
    The possibly daily-changing menu was confusing to say the least.
     I still have no idea what Arlo Shirks or Olin Browns are.
     I get it, hipster.
     But don't make things difficult on your servers and the patrons - call shit out, like everything else on the menu.
    Regardless, I went the sausage sandwich route that the person sitting next to me also did: a Darkwing (duck and pork sausage with some kind of delicious greens on top) and the fried grits side.
     The Darkwing was delicious and hearty, the chips very flavorful, as were the white veggie side.
     The fried grits were also delicious, but the sausage was big enough that I barely got a dent into the grits.
    Before leaving my friend and I each ordered one of the daily flights: she went with wheat, I went with hoppy.
     The Daphne was delicious, but definitely more on the crisp summer day variety of hoppy.
    I could definitely see coming back, and if I lived in the area, the beers alone might make this a recurring stop.
     Some of the entrees are a bit on the pricey side, but fortunately there are some cheap options so you don't break the bank.
    Great food and rotating taps.
      The staff is also wonderful.
      I visit often and love their brunch!.
    A certain someone wanted to try this place for over 4 months now.
    Here we are at this place with all the open space in the world, but to only see two communal tables in the middle of the room and bar stools along the window counters.
      Trying to squeezed us into the edge of the communal table (H-E-L-L to the NO!).
     We opted to wait for the bar stools instead.
    With minimal selections, we nibble on some chickpea fritters and meatballs before scarfing down our Moroccan lambs sandwich and hot dogs.
     Nothing spectacular about the food when all you're given was some pickles and potato chips to go along with your meal.
      I'm not looking to return to this place but maybe one day along the line.
     In fairness, their service was on point and friendly.
    Solid food, great atmosphere and interesting beer list.
     The pretzel is a must.
     Sausages are good.
     Fried chicken is good.
     Totally worth while.
     Though I dig it it's not a place that's like a total package for me meaning I would suggest it, but I wouldn't go outta my way to go there.
     It is for sure one of the better spots in that few block radius - not that there are many.
    Went "cheap" with the Corn Dog ($8) and asked for a recommendation for the 3 small Charcuterie items.
     The waitress recommended the Pork Terrine ($6).
    The terrine comes with toasted slices of Barkada baguette, whole grain mustard, pickle, and olive (yelp.
    com/biz_photos/the-…).
     Despite having visible herbs it was pretty bland on it's own and definitely needed the mustard (yelp.
    com/biz_photos/the-…).
    The Corn Dog was superb.
     It's huge and served with lard-y chips, pickles, ketchup and yellow mustard (yelp.
    com/biz_photos/the-…).
     Strong smokey flavor from the hot dog.
     The chips were all crisp, an improvement from my last visit.
    They need to beef up the little skewer you can see on the left side of my picture.
     I first picked the corn dog up with that and it immediately bent and cracked under the weight of the corn dog.
    Went to check this place out.
     Food was okay but service was bad.
    Duck was dry.
     Nothing special about the fried chicken.
     Meatballs were great!!But our server, maybe she was having a bad day, but really inattentive.
      She never came and checked in if I wanted another beer.
     When taking our order she literally left before my friend placed his order.
     She took my order then turned around and left as he was about to place his order.
     He had to track her down and give her his order.
     And she never returned to check how our meals were.
     It became comical but she was not a good server.
     I wasn't impressed enough to return.
     Think it's a lot of hype.
    Here's the thing: the food is sadly only 2-2 and a half stars, but the excellent service bumps it up to three stars.
     1) the fried chicken was covered in gravy.
     Like too much and took away from the crispness.
     No flavor to the batter really and kinda bland.
     Meh.
     2) the corn dog- gf got it and I tried.
     Also just not as good as it looked.
     3) fried pickle appetizers were solid though.
     4) great beer selection I will confirm.
    I was sooo excited to try HA.
    I'm so disappointed that our experience left us irritated &amp; disgusted.
     There was literally 4 other patrons there when we walked in at 5:25pm.
    at 5:30 dinner started &amp; 5 more parties walked in.
    we got outta there at 6pm with NO food order since EVERYONE got service before we did.
     I was appalled no one even stopped by to check how we were doing with our beer that was ordered at the bar.
      Funny enough there was a black guy at the bar that was there before we got there that no one was checking on either!!!! The food smelled so good but they weren't getting another cent from me.
    they went outta their way to avoid making eye contact.
      Make sure you look hipster enough if you want any service from Hog's.
    you just messed with the wrong ONE!.
    Super yummi y'all! Best fired chicken I ever had (albeit probably the smallest portion).
     Their Wiener schnitzel was incredible and I'll be back.
    This place has an incredible beer list.
     The beer selector knows their stuff.
     Always delicious.
     I live fairly close to this spot so I frequent this place.
     Hogs does not have anything I eat ( because I'm vegan) but the service, ant the staff are great, so I come anyways.
     My man loves their sausages and I just like the place.
     Good beer and great staff and I like the design of the place.
    Was looking forward to trying this place as I like beer and pork, and it's within walking distance to my home.
      Came with a small  group on a very quiet night (maybe 6 or 7 customers besides us), but was underwhelmed.
     Had a good beer and intended to eat, but was put off by the service.
     Example: When I asked the guy behind the bar if a certain beer was good, rather than a friendly "Yes", and maybe describing it, he just dryly said "Define good".
      Really? You're gonna just throw it back at the customer with two words to prove how cool and indifferent you are?More than one examples of dickish attitude meant we left after one beer each, and a tab that was less than 1/5 of what was likely as we intended to stay for more beers and dinner, but I guess they "won" because they seemed intent on not making us feel welcome and they achieved it.
    In the Yelp listing, it says "Ambience: Hipster" and that's accurate.
      Judging from the snarky/snotty service, it seems they Hog's Apothecary thinks that's a compliment.
     In my experience, even hipsters don't like to think of themselves as such.
     (Are there really people out there who say, "Hipster? I'm there!")This place needs to get over itself and act like they're happy you're there.
      The fact that they don't bother to respond to their Yelp reviews seems to be another example of them thinking they're too cool to care.
    When you see the word "apothecary" in their name, you just know it's gonna be hipster.
      So much so, that I kept feeling like I was in a Portland joint.
      Maybe it was the drizzle outside, maybe the multiple sightings of flannels and beards, whatever it may be, I was down with it.
      This place is simple yet legit.
      A new American Beer Hall is how they deem themselves and I like it.
    Started with a black beer mixed with pinot noir from Moonlight in Santa Rosa and it was super unique.
      Not bad but not something I would want multiples of.
      You can definitely taste the wine.
      Noshed on their bar ready *spicy* pork cracklings and they were incredibly light and sticky on the tooth.
      And spicy was a bit of an understatement, it stung like a mutha.
      I suppose they want you to order another beer.
    A salad of tender butter lettuce, chopped beets, hipster rainbow radishes and a nice blue cheese dressing is a nice starter.
      At $10 it is quite spittable.
    Zsa Zsa $14 is an amazing sausage sandwich.
      A Hungarian style which is like a kielbasa on steroids.
      Don't know if they make their own sausage but this was one helluva meat specimen in tube form.
      It was incredibly juicy and flavorful.
      Unique toasted bread, a fresh herb/oil spread and thick cut potato chips.
     Oh I'd grow a hipster beard for this if I could, but I can't, so darn it to hell.
    Hanger Steak $26 was spot on bistro fare.
      Tender bloody meat, blue cheese sauce, sautéed greens and potato gratin.
      Very assertive flavors and if you love beef, this will not disappoint.
      Only thing was it came out lukewarm and within a minute it was basically cold.
      But now with a dry hopped steam beer from Petaluma, all was good.
    Like the hood, like the brews, like the staff and like the food.
      What's not to like?!  This place is a total score.
    I am adding an update because I received a note from one of the other bartenders that I have never experienced and he told me to come back when he was working and apologized for the bad experience I had.
    I stopped in late for an after climbing beer and saw that he was behind the bar so I went in.
     I ordered a delicious beer, drank my beer and went on my way.
    I was impressed and very pleased by his service and have gone back twice when I see he is working.
     He is definitely the gem of that place and like going in for a late night beer when he is working!.
    The beer selection is excellent.
      The food, unfortunately, is mediocre and overpriced.
      I'd be there more often if the waiters weren't so snotty and on top of you.
      They'll get very pissy if you don't order food, even if it's early evening and the place is barely half full.
    I want to love this place.
     I live a block away away and I want to come, all the time, and to love it.
     However, due to the poor service I've received on more than one occasion and the clear lack of vegetarian/vegan options I feel forced to give a less than satisfactory review.
     I'm usually fine with ordering the hot pretzel, which to be fair is awesome, and having one (or two or three) of the amazing beers available, and call it an excellent night.
     However, on more than one occasion, I've experienced snobby and/or snarky service, which I find quite uncool (I've worked in customer service for over 20 years and know what it's like to give and receive genuinely warm, welcoming, and helpful service).
    I'll start with the good-often times I've had great servers who were attentive, polite, and top-notch.
     I've had numerous fantastic beers and beer suggestions and a handful of excellent salads and desserts.
     However, more than once I've come across employees who were were way less than helpful, and at times, snarky.
     Boo.
    Me on a Friday night around 6pm: "Hi, I'd love to grab a quick drink"Hostess (with warmth of of a rock): "There's no room at the bar.
    "Me: "Oh, see there's a spot by the window, can I take that [which they let me have any other night of the week]?"Hostess: "Some people are waiting for those.
    "Ok, I can't have a quick beer in the meantime? You can't say in a friendly tone, 'you're welcome to wait until something opens up.
    ?'Frustrated, I left and decided to go across town where I felt more welcome.
     I drove by about 15 minutes later (on my way to said place a cross town), and there was still no one in the seat I had asked for (I could see from the huge windows) Glad you keep it for them! (I would have been done, paid, and and out of the seat by then).
    My next experience: on a Sunday night in which I sit at the bar then ask the bartender if any of the sides are vegetarian.
     His reply: "Have you seen the name of this place? We can always make you a vegetarian plate if you wish.
    " Thanks, but why the need for a snarky opening? I could reply, and did: you are a business in vey hipster neighborhood full of vegans and vegetarians.
     It's unfortunate that you're not more friendly to those diets.
     He has the audacity to debate with me, which is when I start writing this review.
    On a positive note, when I'm done with my beer the seemingly manager apologizes for any negativity and offers to pay for me beer.
     Thanks buddy! You've kept the door open for another chance.
    Give 'en a try if you're there for a full, non-vegetarian dinner.
     You may really like it! And, if they shape up a bit and tune in to their local clientele and the general requests of their customers, I'll be back on a regular basis.
    Great service and awesome food.
     Have to admit that I was a bit weary going here with all the reviews about too cool for school hipster servers and I am happy to report that hipster is the only true adjective.
    We were a group of five plus one baby and they were very accomodating, making sure that we had the right spot where the kiddo wouldn't be knocked over.
    Food was delicious.
     We scarfed down the soft pretzels.
      Fried chicken was good but not amazing.
     True to the name, anything with a casing is worth ordering and order one of everything!.
    I think the food is outstanding.
      I have been known to be a less than adventurous eater so i must point out that everything I have had has had me in awe.
      Love love the always rotating, fresh craft brew selection and they have a couple wines that are de-lish as well as a sparkling for those not into beer.
    I must comment on the 2 star review:  You went to an establishment practically named "pork incorporated" and were surprised at the lack of vegetarian options?  And they preceded to tell you they are always happy to make a vegetarian friendly dish on order (I've overheard them offer this to people and thought that was very accommodating!) and you are still less than thrilled with their service?  And if the local clientele is not being represented with such an establishment, then why are they packed regularly and why did another butchery restaurant open just up the block?.
    Finally had a chance to try this place out as I don't live in the area.
     What a gem! We tried several items on the menu and all to a dish were superbly thought out, created, plated and delicious.
      My favorite by far was the charcuterie .
     all made in house of course.
    Beyond the food, the beer list is extensive and eclectic.
      From what the owners said, constantly rotating as well so I'd encourage frequent visits to sample them all of course.
     They also work directly with breweries rather than through distributors when possible so you know care is taken regarding freshness.
     If I lived closer, I'd own a "mug".
    And the atmosphere! Warm.
     Inviting.
     Family friendly.
     Not too loud but still fun and great for groups.
      The staff was very service oriented and the chef/owner is constantly circulating the room and ensuring everyone has a fantastic experience.
    The rapini here is arugalized in-house, and their delicious pea tendrils are wilted to order.
     Don't forget to slather the Yemeni skhug on your quatre epices for that extra kick of flavor.
    Tl;dr: the menu is unrelentingly pretentious, and using inductive reasoning, my party determined all hot dogs are indistinguishable from one another.
    The Hog's .
     .
     .
     .
    is a nice addition to the flourishing Beer Garden trend that is finally catching up to the rest of the USA.
      Yet this one the lacks the actual outdoor experience one would expect of a traditional Beer Garden.
      Nevertheless, there are many things to like about this one.
      Well, of course the beer selections are very satisfactory ranging from imports and domestics on tap.
      The food delights wells especially the Terrines or the Hogs Head Cheese and and the Charcuteries.
      Nothing too extraordinary here, but the mains and started complement the beer selection nicely.
      However, avoid the mostly unsparing sides like the Brussels sprouts,  etc.
      More time was put into describing them than preparing them, so theylive on this menu as an afterthought.
      The atmosphere is rustic, modern and pleasing ,but it hard to have a conversation here at the larger tables where you nearly have to yell to be hard.
      So if you want something quieter and more chatty, sit by the windows.
    Good food, great service, but this place is so incredibly overpriced.
      $27 for two tiny pieces of fried chicken.
      $16 for a tiny salad?  Totally ridiculous.
      But delicious.
    I'm from San Diego and this is my second visit to the Hog.
      Both times I have had an exceptional time!!  The customer service and beer selection are outstanding.
      The first time I was there Nicole took great care of this out-of-towner and I knew I had to go back.
      Megan in the bar was super awesome and she really knew her beer.
      She paired me up with a great beer that I probably couldn't have picked of myself.
      After that, Marie, Alice and Christy took over and things were consistently great from there.
      The rainbow heirloom was too good to describe in words, so you might want to go down there in person and try it for yourself.
      Every time I'm in Oakland Im stopping by for sure.
      Thanks for the extra Burrata guys!!  Keep up the good work!!.
    Returned for breakfast and was thrilled to see the Benedict back on the menu, this time with pastrami.
     Combined with the schmaltzy potatoes it is just amazing.
     And as previously mentioned the iced coffee is delicious, and you can't go wrong with a pitcher of mimosas with fresh squeezed OJ.
    service was ridiculously slow! I swear there was one.
     MAYBE two people working and the place was packed! I had the corn dog and I like mustard but that stuff was gross, wayy to spicyoverall just not my kind of restaurant i would recommend going just for a beer due to the large selection but the service would keep from going even for that.
    This is my friend's favorite spot so we've eaten here 3 times in the last two weeks and a dozen, or more, times over the last 4 months.
      The host and servers are always helpful, knowledgable and accommodating.
      They make most everything in house, so they can tell you about all of the ingredients.
       This has been super helpful over the last few weeks because I'm doing the Whole30 diet that requires I not partake in a whole host of ingredients (including no added sugar to anything).
      I've had the same super awesome server the last 3 times.
      She knows what I need and has been incredibly accommodating and helpful in working with the kitchen to help me eat there.
     My friend enjoys trying different beers and every server we've had has happily help him choose the best bear to go with his meal.
      I'm don't drinker beer but they've even helped me find one or two that I like (before I was doing the Whole30).
    If you're looking for friendly service, good solid food and a great beer selection this is a place you should try.
    Beer selection can't be beat, and a knowledgeable staff to guide you thru it.
      Menu is meat heavy as expected, and isn't approachable for everyone.
      However the flavors are incredible and every meal I've had there has been delicious.
      Great location for MacArthur BART and I'll be back soon.
    The food is amazing.
     Large hearty portions, really tasty and comforting.
     Great selection of beer.
     The service however has room for improvement - can never seem to catch the eye of the one server on the floor at 7pm on a Sunday (who whisked away our water bottle in an attempt to refill it, then forgot to return it until we flagged her down to ask about the bottle's whereabouts).
     The squirrely host is no help either - eyes only looking at the silverware he was setting down.
    Have now been to Hog's 3 times, and I have been beyond impressed every time.
     My fancy beer friends are always stoked with the selection of beers on tap.
     Being more of a wine girl, I really like that selection is as well.
     Food was DELISH! The summer gems salad was fresh and tasty time.
     The heirloom tomatoes were also super tasty, and the Italian Sausage KILLED IT.
     Go to Hogs, go now.
    Got there for a reservation at 7:30 pm were seated at 8:20pCouldn't hear or think beyond the noise and music.
    Fish dish was dry  and bland.
    Man, this place is awesome!! I came here for the first time a couple days ago and just had to go back last night.
     I found out about the Hog when I decided to Yelp for corn dog places around the bay.
     When this place popped up, I bookmarked it and knew that this place was going to be a winner (have you SEEN the pictures of that sucker?!).
     Located on the corner of Shafter and 40th about a block away from Homeroom, this place is a great location for a quick dinner or to catch up with some friends.
     During the visits, my girlfriend and I got to try their kielbasa ("Who's your Basa?"), corn dog, roasted peppers, and delicious as all-hell potato chips (that are fried in their own pig lard! Yes!!).
     The Hog has a hefty beer collection on tap with relatively lesser-known breweries.
     We met up with a friend and all got to try an IPA with wild rice, imperial IPA, several saisons and a couple of stouts.
     I don't recall the exact number of beers that they have on tap, but it's a very impressive number considering some places in the area only serve up about 10.
    If you're coming here for dinner, make sure to either make reservations or be prepared to just sit at the bar, which really isn't bad.
     The music here is BITCHIN, so prepare to eat good food, drink tasty beer, and groove to some dope music.
    Look, I know that as a vegetarian in a place called "Hog's Apothecary" (or "Hog's" anything else for that matter), I have little right to complain about a lack of food options not made from a pig.
      So I'll only note here that if you are a vegetarian (or keep Kosher or Halal), you are not going to find food here for you.
    We only came here for beer anyway, so I'm not holding it against them.
    The ambiance here is cool-- very Oakland hip.
      Lots of beer options, so, there's that.
      Greeter and server and person who finally brought our beers were very nice.
    But I was not that impressed with the beer we had in 2 different flights (so that's 6 different beers--multiple opportunities for good beer), and it took 15 minutes for someone to come get our drink order once we had sat down.
      We actually gave up we were sitting there so long and finally just went to the bar to order there.
      The place isn't that big and didn't have that many people, but it seems like they didn't have enough servers for the space, and so our nice server lady badly neglected us.
      It's two stars for me on this not because it's a bad place in and of itself but because for Oakland, it's a definite "Meh.
     I've experienced better.
    "  It definitely did not live up to the hype; neither, for me, did it live up to comparisons/experiences/and-mainly-the-beer of Beer Revolution or The Trappist.
    But I'm going to guess that if you like pork with random potentially-not-great-beer that this place is going to be the bee's knees for you.
      Or the pork knees, as it were.
    If you are a beer lover and find yourself in the area, I would definitely recommend stopping in here.
     The extensive (mostly local) draft beer list is impressive and is varied enough to keep the whole group happy.
     Our group of 4 started standing by the window while we waited for some seating to open up.
     We then sat at one of the large shared tables in the middle of the restaurant, where we shared a couple bits/starters and two of the house sausages (which are huge).
     Great/lively ambiance!.
    Sorry guys! Have always loved the food and amazing draft list but.
     Chill out on the rules.
     The last three times we've been there our experience has been soured by weird overstepping of bar/seating arrangements.
     I've invited multiple guests who've felt snubbed by this.
     I.
    e.
     tonight for my birthday after work our table was approached and I was told we were expected to spend more money on food not just drinks and would have been sat somewhere different.
     This was an odd and somewhat rude admission in light of each person ordering over $30 in drinks.
     I appreciate the attempt to keep the most efficient flow going through the restaurant but the second your patrons feel like pigs led through a feeding trough, you've lost an opportunity.
    I don't drink beer often but I had a fun time experimenting with the beer menu and having our waitress pick out drinks for me based on my preferences.
      The Harlot (a Belgian pale ale) was my favorite, and given that I overheard a few other parties ordering it, my sense is that it's a pretty popular choice.
    I enjoyed everything we ordered (pork cracklins, meatballs, summer bean ragout and mixed grill) except for the corn dog.
      The hot dog tasted overly smokey and burnt to the point where I couldn't really taste the cornbread.
      This was highly disappointing because I love corn dogs, but I still recommend coming here for the other dishes, beer selection and attentive service.
    After a rocky first visit (nothing to do with the food), I'm now a HUGE HOG FAN.
     The cod fritters were delicious.
     The fried chicken rocked our world.
     Service was charming and I really appreciated the owners reaching out.
     They've totally solved any service problem they had.
    Food:Spicy Pork Cracklin's - Don't get it, it's not very good.
      It doesn't taste like "real" cracklins.
    Belgian-Braised Pork Shoulder - This is a winner.
      For $27, you make the value proposition on this one.
    Choucroute Garnie - It's exactly what it is albeit I was expecting more meat.
      I think there were 4 meat selections and more saurkraut.
      A great plus is that one of the meats is their duck, which is DELISH!  If I compare it to others that I've tried, this lands on the bottom somewhere (That just means I've experienced tons of kick-ass Choucroute Garnie in my life).
    Beer:Yeast and Hops Flights - All good.
      This place has a great selection of beers and if they curate it as they described, extra kudos.
    Lowdown:I'll probably go back for the beer and the ambiance.
      The food and area, not so much.
      I would be here often if I lived in the neighborhood, that's how much I liked my experience.
      Some people will say that the food is over-priced, I can see that argument.
    Recommendation:MAKE A RESERVATION.
    Love the ambience annnnd it's in my 'hood.
     I'm going in a hike tomorrow so I wanted something hefty even though I am currently sans meat.
     So I ordered the Gem &amp; Jewels salad along with the Soft Pretzel.
     Sooooooo good.
     Omg, this salad.
     For reals.
     Not playing.
     The softness of gem lettuce, the sweetness of the persimmon, the tang of the pomegranate cut with the slight acidic tang of the crème fraiche dressing.
     but y'all don't hear me though.
     I'm sure many have waxed poetic about the pretzel so I'll just say, order it.
     Their beer menu is extensive and the staff is very welcoming.
    I ordered one of the sausage combos and it was awesome.
     The sausage was made and cooked perfectly, and the fixings, while not terribly appetizing to look at, were perfect along with the bun.
     The beer selection is great and I can always find something new to try.
     Despite being busy, service was quick on everything and the manager was also helping out and very responsive.
    I love this place.
     Their detail to their house made food,  fine local beers and wine is amazing.
     The corn dog is the best you'll ever have.
     It gets busy and some might say somewhat pricey, but well worth all of it! I've been here several times since they've opened and am always impressed.
     Thank goodness for fine food in Oakland!PS- they just started doing take-out; I cannot wait to eat a corn dog in bed.
     Yum.
    This is a cool hipster place - love the vibe here.
      If you like beer, it is a must.
      I am not a drinker but friends enjoyed it here.
      The hostess was very friendly to the wait staff.
      This is a place to share food and chat with friends.
      It does get kinda loud in here and you need to raise your voice to talk at times.
      The food is good.
    we shared 2 sampler appetizer plate and an entree.
      It was a good taste of all kinds of pork.
      The portions were good.
    not too small and too overly large.
    good size.
      The prices are decent.
      It is nice to have a gastropub in temescal area.
      With home run down the block and blue bottle opening near by, I am glad this neighborhood is up and coming with great eats.
    This is an awesome place for beer lovers - they just have an amazing selection of local beers on tap.
     They also have a selection of ciders, which I tend to order.
     Usually you can grab a seat at the communal tables, but you can also make reservations if you have a bigger party.
     I've found the food to be a little disappointing, with very few options for vegetarians be warned!.
    If you are driving to the neighborhood, do NOT leave anything in your car.
     No bags, no cell phone chargers.
      Your car WILL be broken into, and you will not get your stuff back.
    Okay, I swear, it took me a while to choose between 3 or 4 stars - I've seriously been going back and forth for about 5 minutes now! We ordered the mixed grill - I believe it was a mix of 3 different meats (a piece of sausage, pork belly/thickest bacon slab I ever seeeen) and a half of a small tiny bird (I think Cornish game hen??).
    anyways! 'twas delicious and utterly satisfying.
     Full of flavor and goes so gooood with the beer!OH YEAH.
    the beer.
     that's a whole separate story guys.
     this place has a FAT list of brewery-direct beers on tap.
     they are hand-selected and have a variety from all over the west coast.
     In addition, they're pretty knowledgeable on the beers they offer, so when in doubt, just ask for a suggestion.
     Now.
    the reason I gave 3 stars.
    the pricing.
     I mean.
    really, for a small ramekin of basically what we Americans know as "Corn Nuts" you're gonna charge $3 for less than a handful? AND.
    they're way too hard to chew, they might be better off sticking in a sling-shot and letting a kid have some fun.
     $6 for a regular pretzel.
     The plate we got, Mixed Grill.
    small tiny portions.
    was wrong for 2 of us to share, but THAT small plate was $28 :/  yikes.
    Another reason for not giving 4 stars was the attitude of the staff - mostly the hostess, the guys at the tap, and our specific server.
    so I guess that's the majority.
     they had this attitude that came off as if they were "too cool" or "too hipster" to help out and serve normal people coming from work that just want a good bite and beer.
     definitely felt like they're only welcoming to a certain and specific type of crowd.
    guess you need tats, an old leather jacket and a septum piercing to get the thumbs up for them.
     it's a shame, because I would've gone back for their food and beer selection.
    probably on a pay day since its kinda pricey , HAH!.
    Went by again for an early dinner on Sunday.
     No wait right at 5pm, but it seemed to get crowded around 5:45pm.
    This time we had a chance to sample more of the menu and I have to say that I was actually really surprised at how good the food was! I was prepared to support this place based on the fact that it serves good beer and is within walking distance of where I live, but now I can legit say it is worth seeking out.
    We had:- charcuterie sampler of pork rillettes, liver mousse, trotter terrine ($13 for the sampler of three).
     Quality: B+, Adesso is way better.
     Quantity: B, too much of the sides, not quite enough of the main bits, but for $13, it was alright- frisee and arugula salad with grilled peaches and humboldt fog toast ($8 I think?).
     Quality: A+, this was perfectly balanced and well-seasoned and the peaches were ripe and sweet.
     Quantity: B, the toast was kinda ridiculously thinly spread with cheese- rabbit &amp; pork belly salad with onion stuff and herb stuff on it, it came with chips and pickles ($14).
     Quality: A+++++ the sausage was incredible.
     I was really blown away by how good it was.
     Served on a nice soft roll that seemed a bit pretzel-like.
     I've eaten at Rosamunde countless times and I have to say, this sausage blows theirs out of the park.
     Seems like maybe they've addressed the "okra slime" issue for the pickled veggie side because I saw no okra and no slime.
     Quantity: B+ the sausage was decently sized but still for the price.
     B+- side of cheddar grits ($6) Quality: A+ hi I love butter cream and cheese.
     yummmmmm Quantity: B.
     come on.
     it's grits.
     you could give us more than 1.
    25 cups for $6.
    I've been here three times.
     Loved it the first two, really disliked it the last.
      They've changed the menu: they used to have a great salad ("visions of spring") which still shows up on their online menu but was no longer on offer last Saturday.
      The salad I had (which was basically the only option) called the "green machine" was a salty, gloppy mess.
      And worst of all, they "ran out" of the soft pretzels, which was 90 percent of our reason for being there.
     At 8 p.
    m.
     on a Saturday night - really??? Our less than helpful server offered us nothing as substitute (some of the potato chips that came with the dinner the people next to us had would have been good to satisfy the salty craving, but we didn't know about them).
      And our platter of three different salumi only had two.
      I guess they "ran out" of the third variety.
      Finally, our "medium rare" ribeye was raw: presumably they "ran out" of time to cook it properly.
    We love Hog's Apothecary- relaxed local vibe- great beer and cider selection - I LOVE the Graviva personally - their albeit more limited wine selection works even with their focus on draft and craft beer- food is sophisticated, interesting and the menu is always changing- service is always top notch - friendly and knowledgeable - they now have added brunch which is awesome :)- to date we have always been able to walk in and get seated - we make reservations about 50% of the time as it can get busy for dinner even early in the dining hour.
    The beer selection is great and fairly priced but the food selection is not.
     Well developed flavor with tragically pretentious ingredients.
     It is exactly what you should expect from a hipster joint in piedmont, $23 for a pork chop.
     The meatballs were the best thing on the table.
     Bring your horn rimmed glasses.
    Great beer.
     The staff is very knowledgeable and all I need to tell them is a type of beer I like and they find the perfect match for me.
      Love this place.
     I have not tried the food yet.
    I tried Hog's Apothecary for the second time.
      The food is very good but the service just horrible.
      I arrive famished on Sunday.
      Ordered the Clubber.
      Food arrived about 30 minutes later and the waitress once again quickly disappeared after dropping off the food.
       No apology or acknowledgment on the long time to deliver the food.
      No, "Can I get you anything else?"  No follow up with, "Is everything ok?"   Poof - gone.
      She delivered the wrong sandwich to me, though my partner's was correct.
      Horrible.
      It's such a shame since the food and beer is pretty good here, but not good enough to overshadow the down right poor, indifferent service.
      Sorry, not going back.
    When going to the restaurant of a friend for the first time, one prepares themselves to be polite, offering words of praise out of the sense of duty that comes with being friends.
      We caution ourselves not to be harsh or critical and generally keep any negatives quiet.
      After all, they are our friends and we'd expect the same.
    Thank goodness I don't have to keep the negatives to myself.
      as I couldn't find any.
      In fact, to say I was impressed would be an understatement.
    Brad and John have taken what once was a dilapidated laundromat with a seedy past and created a neighborhood gathering spot that is open, airy and inviting.
      I was at first slightly put off by the long tables and benches, as I generally prefer not to share my table with people I don't know, but I came to realize that it promotes conversation between strangers and contributes to the neighborhood feel.
      While the dining area is not huge, the high ceiling with exposed beams and open air skylight make it feel much larger.
      "Hog's" boasts more taps than I could get through in a week.
      They have beers on tap to appeal to any beer drinker.
      They also cycle beers in and out to keep the selections new and inviting.
      Now.
     on to the food itself.
      We started out with the warm pretzel for two with cheese sauce and mustard.
     ( One thing you must know before I go further.
      Nearly everything you eat is made in house.
      The mustard, the cheese, the sausage, the kraut.
      the exceptions being the buns and, if memory serves, the pretzel itself.
     )  The pretzel was hot and delicious.
      The house made mustard and cheese sauce were the perfect compliment.
      There's just no comparison between jar mustard and mustard made fresh that day.
      For my entree I ordered the schnitzel.
      It's really easy to overcook pork and make it dry.
      Not the case here.
      The breading was light, the pork juicy and while I used my knife at first, I ended up using just my fork as it was so tender.
      The arugula and warm potato salad only served to enhance the succulent pork.
      My dining companions ordered the 'Basa' with kraut and the Devil Bird fried chicken.
      I was raised by a German mother who made ( and at 70 still makes ) her own kraut.
     As much as I cannot believe I am saying this, ( Sorry, Mom ) the kraut at Hog's is better.
      especially thrown on top of a juicy and savory sausage with just the right pop from the casing.
      ( Sorry, Mom ) The chicken was juicy and full of flavor, but it's the breading that really takes it over the top.
      It's hard to describe, but there's a slight sweetness to it that, to me, was reminiscent of that first bite of a churro or a Krispy Kreme that immediately makes you want another bite.
      It's difficult NOT to want to clean your plate.
    I do have one regret.
      Only one.
      I didn't try dessert.
      We all surveyed the dessert menu, but after a great beer and amazing food there was just no room.
    I know I am a friend and friends tend to be biased so I encourage you to read other reviews.
      Aside from the small contingent of nay-sayers you will find that the overall rating of 4/5 stars is well earned and well deserved.
      It's worth checking out.
    A little spendy for what you get, but everything we had was great and the atmosphere and service was wonderful.
    We've visited Hog's a few times now.
      Every single time, we've received amazing food and exceptional service.
      We've left with happy bellies and smiles on our faces.
    The food was great, as were the beers.
      Unfortunately, the service was slow.
      Our server was new, and not super attentive or knowledgeable about the menu.
      Hopefully she'll hit her stride.
    I guess my main issue with this place is that it is not what I expected.
      They bill themselves as an "American Beer Hall", which to me means:- A large craft beer selection (check)- A good, informal place to gather with friends (nope-though the potential is there)- Maybe some inexpensive pub style food.
      However, when you walk inside, you are greeted by a hostess and added to the list for a seat at one of their community tables or bar stools along the window counters.
      The food is VERY EXPENSIVE for what it is, and the staff projects a major restaurant vibe, but the atmosphere is that of a bar.
    I'm really not sure what is going on here but its not at all what I expected.
    For about a year I anticipated their opening and ended up there on the first night they were open to the public.
      I've been back a few times, and it only seems to have become more restaurant-y.
      One positive thing to say, the beer selection is excellent and the price is right for draft beers.
      That said, It's not easy to get in for just a few beers (especially for more than 1-3 people), so I have ended up passing it up when going out with friends even though I live 3 blocks away.
    I really hope that Hog's will make up its mind, are you an up-scale restaurant or are you a beer hall? Right now you are somewhere in-between and it just isn't working for my demographic at all.
    If you're looking for a spot with tons of (mostly) local beers on tap, this is a great spot to visit.
     Death and Taxes is my favorite beer they have.
     They also have a small selection of wines if beer isn't your thing.
     The Grilled Greens starter I had there was meh.
     It was way too salty for me.
     I wouldn't recommend it.
     However, I heard the corn dog is amazing, i will have to try it next time I'm there.
     The Devilbird (fried chicken on top of some spicy garbanzo beans with chili oil) OMG.
     So delicious and perfectly spicy.
     So buttermilky and crispy! I love the fried chicken there.
     It never disappoints.
     Service is great there, I've never had any issues with the staff whatsoever.
     They're always nice and prompt! Also: be prepared to get a little cozy with other patrons, the seating is picnic table style.
    Great beer selection, corn dog and hot dog were ok but made in house.
     pate, rillette were on point.
     would def come back for some beer and pate.
    Kinda shocking to read reviews about how snobby the wait staff was, I found the service to be very friendly and helpful.
     As for the food and beer - YUM.
     The food was so flavorful, with fresh herbs and the sauce on the pork chops was unbelievable.
     Loved it so much, we asked the waitress if we could have some bread so we could sop up every ounce, because yes, we are hogs.
     The kitchen specially prepared some toast for us so we could lick the plate clean.
     The beer selection was good, the menu described the brews well and I was pleased with my selection.
     The interior is pretty cool, but can get loud.
     Looking forward to returning.
    If I could give this place more than 5 stars I would! There food and beer is fantastic! They have an industrial feel to them and sure its a hipster joint but that doesn't detract from the delicious food and beer!Recommendations: 1.
     Butchers coffer.
     Get all three, every time.
     Its worth it2.
     Lil Salty3.
     Any of their sausagesBeer: 1.
     The Butcher 2.
     Tunnel VisionGreat Job guys.
    Only tried the beers here so I can't comment on food.
     There was a great variety of drinks and the bartender was so nice to let me try several until I found a beer I was satisfied with.
     Sucks that its so hard to find a seat here, it seems like they could better maximize their space.
     Also the lighting in here was so dark.
     But overall, another trendy restaurant to hang out with friends.
    I'm a little biased since it's right up my street, but Hog's is a pretty special place.
     The rotating taps, solid food, and ambiance are great.
     Tried their brunch for the first time yesterday and was pleasantly surprised.
     Had the pork belly/beef burger and apothecary benedict at our table and both were very tasty.
     They also were open to showing the football game our group wanted to watch.
     Overall, a solid four stars, and my go-to neighborhood bar.
     Much, much better reason to come to 40th Street than Homeroom.
    Hot damn.
      We came here for their soft opening, and we've been coming here regularly ever since.
      The food: fantastic, inventive, and there's always something new.
      It tends to be heavy fare (even the vegetable sides and salads, which will frequently have an egg or lardons), but it's always delicious.
      We've tried things from every section of their menu and have never been disappointed (well, I didn't like their collards, but I'm from Kentucky.
      The kale, on the other hand, is always amazing).
    The beer: excellent selection of mostly local breweries.
      They generally have good prices ($5-$6, though watch out for the expensive Rare Barrel offerings), as well as a nice balance of beer styles, ranging from pilsners to Belgian Quadrupels, and thankfully not too many IPAs.
    The service: we've had one or two servers who weren't on the ball, but the regular staff is fabulous, friendly, and knowledgeable about their beers.
      I love that the owners are typically around, pitching in.
      They're really friendly if you get the chance to talk to them.
    The cons?  It can get loud at times, but that shouldn't be an issue if you go earlier in the evening.
      But that's a pretty minor drawback when everything else is so good.
    Just.
     meh.
     Pros: Big beer selectionInteresting menuCool vibeDecent foodCons:HORRIBLE service (waited 2 hours)Overpriced for what you getLoudI wouldn't go back.
     It definitely wasn't worth the $90+ dollars my husband I spent on a few drinks, an appetizer, and one entree.
    I LOVE the food and the beer list at Hog's.
     The service has always been good to above average in terms of speed, attentiveness and product knowledge.
     The house made sausages are great, the schnitzel great, the fried chicken so plump and juicy.
     The beer list has many styles from many great big and small California craft breweries.
     I would say there beer list rivals any beer hall in Oakland including the Good Hop, Beer Rev and Cato's.
     HOWEVER, they were spendy, $14 for a bratwurst, when I first started going there 1 year ago and now they are $17.
     They are served with  some homemade chips and a small pile of pickled veggies.
     Hog's like everything else in "up and coming" Oakland is darned expensive for modest portions.
     Beers have gone up $2/pint as well.
      I get they have high rent, need to pay employees a living wage and nothing is getting cheaper but my sense is these trendy dining houses are going for it because their clientele will pay whatever they try to charge at a cool place.
     I'll miss you, Hogs, but $17 bucks for a fancy hot dog and $7.
    50 for a pint of IPA isn't a good value.
     4 stars for beer and food, 4 stars for service and atmosphere, 2 stars for value.
     Average 3 stars.
    Hip neighborhood joint, with the usual trendy, expensive spin.
     I did enjoy the food, (yum!), and the beer, (good beer menu selection).
     I'd give the place 4 stars, but the value is lacking.
     $23.
    47 for a beer ($5.
    50), a side of bacon ($6?!) and a Brussel Sprout salad with bacon bits &amp; one egg ($10?!).
     It's too expensive to make it a regular stop.
    My friends and I had a good time.
     I'd go back.
    Awesome if you like beer, which we do.
     Also, beer + meat = amazing.
     Get the meatballs.
     Nice atmosphere, a beer hall, kinda romantical, actually.
     Bummer? The service.
     Awkward, lackluster.
      Although the server didn't really eat meat, they also didn't seem interested in the food or beer.
     No recommendations or knowledge about either.
     Which is fine - I believe I was far more excited, and we can both ride that wave.
     Also, the hostess was strange.
     If I worked there I'd own it  - its easy to make service industry customers who came to get drunk and spend money happy.
      At least at my job it is.
     This place has so much potential - can you imagine if the service was at the very least  - engaging? It has a casual vibe, but once you see the prices you'll be looking for some engagement, I promise you.
     Some other random cute staff would come by and be nice and fill water and I was grateful.
     The beer float is small, but very good.
    super excited about this addition to the 40th/broadway area.
     the service, the foods, the beer selection(!), the ambiance, the space, everything gets an A+!we got sat along the bar that is built around the perimeter of the pub, facing out onto 40th, and we had no complaints.
     our server was so on top of it, it actually took me by surprise.
     I'm just not used to someone checking in every 10 minutes, but this is what we experienced.
     we were not of want of anything.
     from water to new beers, she was there to make sure we had what we needed.
     and the place was packed.
     other highlights - the house made pretzels.
     GET ONE.
     the music was perfect, not too loud, but just loud enough that I picked up on one of my fave bands of all time - pavement, then some sonic youth, plus some other 90's-ish indie rock that I was definitely digging.
     parking as others have mentioned is a breeze.
     and it's also just a block or two down from the local record shop (1,2,3,4 go records), the cool mens shop - Pine &amp; Elder, etc.
     so you can get your shop on beforehand if you so choose.
     finally, I just need to add that I was more than just a little excited about their beer offerings.
     and I'm not even a huge beer drinker.
     the two that I tried - a dark chocolatey number  (coffee &amp; cigarettes by CellarMaker) and a local herbal beer that came recommended (a style I never even knew existed but one that I'm kinda dying to sample again!) completely blew me away.
     this is the stuff I expect from a beer institution like Trappist but not from the new neighborhood pub.
     yet, hog's is the spot I have a hankering to return to.
     asap.
     stop by before there's a line out the door.
     it's only a matter of time!.
    It was really tasty! I was very impressed with the beer selection.
     If I wasn't the one that drove I swear I would have tried at least 5 on the list.
     My friend and I split two of the sausage sandwiches and both were very good.
     The atmosphere is very hipster.
     They have a shuffleboard in the back.
     The seating is bench style where you'll be seated at a long table, possibly next to really obnoxious people that you have to just try to ignore and talk over and try not to look at and throw death stares over.
     (If I had that 5th beer I'm sure I would have become best friends with them.
    ).
    We feel happy to report we live only ten minutes away and can return repeatedly with no effort.
     A creative menu with fabulous execution, we have enjoyed everything we have ordered.
      The salads and starters are great.
     We loved their version of a Caesar salad.
     The sausages are fabulous with homemade chips and slaw, yummy.
     Their skirt steak and pork chops are incredible.
      Let's not forget a large on tap beer menu.
       Marvelous find.
    First met Tim as he was sourcing his ingredients from local farmers markets, a year ago.
      I still see him there today.
         Tonight was my first night to visit and eat, and I was not disappointed.
      I tried two starters, a salad and two of the sausage sandwiches.
      I could go on and on to say how the asparagus was cooked perfectly, the sausages burst with complex but not overwhelming flavors, and lard fried chips were crisp and light.
       But I won't, and just say that they have a large array of detailed local beers, and they craft their food with thought, care and precision from farm to fork.
        Yum!.
    If you are looking for a good heavy meal and unique beer in Oakland, the Hog's Apothecary is the place to be.
      Its a small neighborhood restaurant, that has an industrial tap house feel.
      The staff was friendly and service was great.
      I would not say the service was particularly fast or slow, but servers were attentive despite how busy the restaurant was.
     I really enjoyed the beer list.
      It seemed to feature mostly small local breweries (many I had never even heard of).
      The variety of the beer selection was great and everything we tried was wonderful.
      I love trying new beer, especially from small California breweries, and I loved that this restaurant offered a wide variety of choices.
     The restaurant does take reservations.
     They seem to be busy while we were there so if you can get a reservation I recommend it.
      However (according to the website, only some of the restaurant can be reserved, so they also take plenty of walk-ins).
      There are two TVs above the bar area, so If you are hoping to catch a game on TV they have you covered.
     Our food was excellent.
     All of the small bites were great.
     The pretzel was my favorite.
     That alone could have been my meal.
      The spicy mustard was GREAT, but spicy!! If you love horseradish you will LOVE this mustard (and its perfect with the buttery flavor of the pretzel).
      I had the Titanic salad.
      It was great and plenty of food for a main meal.
      My husband had half dozen oysters and ribs and he had nothing but positives to say about that.
      My only criticism about the experience was that the restaurant was very warm inside.
      The windows were open but it didn't seem to provide much airflow.
     Its a small space, so with the kitchen cooking and a full restaurant it can become uncomfortably warm.
      Overall, great beer, yummy food and nice people.
      We will definitely go back.
    Pros:  fast and friendly service           Food is hearty and good           Good beer selectionCons: food is very heavy .
    but it's good.
    First time dining here today.
      Had reservations for Mother's Day.
      We were seated quickly, and then it was almost 20 minutes before our waiter showed up.
      I had been looking around, with pleading eyes, hoping maybe someone could take the time to get a mimosa started for a mom.
      But no.
      No water, nothing.
      The place was still half empty.
    The food was really good though.
    My son ordered the biscuits and gravy, but the biscuits were kind of drowned in the gravy, so my son wasn't eating them.
      I asked if he could have a dry biscuit and they said sure no problem.
      Of course surprise when the bill came- they just had to charge us the $5 for the dry biscuit- which was about 15 cents of ingredients.
      If they had warned us at the time they they weren't simply trying to help a customer be satisfied with their meal, and would be charging us, maybe I would not have been so annoyed.
      But between the 20 minute wait for service and the nickel and diming, it left me not looking forward to a return.
    If you care nothing about service, this place will be just fine.
    Visited today 5.
    4.
    16 I was working from home today and my friend stopped by to visit me.
     We got really hungry and decided to be adventurous and try a new place.
     The hog's apothecary has been on my list for quite some time now.
     I bookmarked it for their corn dog.
     It was pretty empty for a Wednesday at lunch.
     I guess it's to be expected.
     Sadly, they didn't have the corn dog offered today at lunch.
     I decided to get the trail park boy.
     Their bread is good! The mortadella was new to me.
     I liked it, a bit too salty.
     Actually salt was a big problem with our meal here.
     We share the supernova appetizer/starter.
     It was a mixed green beet salad with herb crème fraîche.
     It was so incredibly SALTY.
     We kind of forced ourselves to eat it when we honestly should've just sent it back or just stopped eating it.
     The only thing good about the salad was the toasted hazelnuts.
     My side salad that came with my sandwich was also wayyyy to salty.
     I didn't even try to eat it.
     We drank two jugs of water while we were there.
     This place was pretty disappointing.
     /: I wouldn't come back here unless it was to try their corn dog.
    Excellent experience at this place.
     Communal seating, sports TVs, great service, and gourmet artisan food.
     Their products are quality, and so even though they're pricey, they are decently portioned.
     They change their menu every day, so that's exciting.
    Fun place in Oakland! I came here for dinner with friends after a day of drinking our way through Napa.
    Outside, you'll be impressed with the big clean windows and inside, you'll find community tables and a menu with lots of beers.
    and a surprising amount of hotdogs.
     Most of my group went the hotdog route but I opted for the "Pride of Castroville" which was delicious with juicy artichokes.
     Fun service, chill atmosphere.
    Lively, quality gastropub that's helping to put the area around 40th Street and Broadway on the map as a new dining corridor in Oakland, with a feel and identity that's distinct from gentrified Piedmont Avenue not far away.
    The first things you notice are the tremendous craft beer selection and the meat/pork-heavy menu.
     As for the beer, the selection is quite extensive and although it features mostly craft brews, it looks like it's been curated to be very comprehensive across all major styles.
     Moreover, if you have any questions about any single beer item, you could ask for a little taste, or you could ask for advice on what pairs well with certain dishes on the menu.
    And as for the menu, it is quite meat-heavy (although I assume some items may be vegetarian-friendly or can be made so).
     While items like sausages might sound steep at around $13, the portion size is tremendous, and the case of the "Got Seoul" sausage that they offered recently, it comes topped uniquely with Asian ingredients.
     There are even meatier, more substantial entrees available too, all with whimsical names to them.
     Everything is so meaty and delicious, you'll be "mmm"-ing with approval throughout the meal.
    The overall atmosphere is quite friendly and festive, with lots of communal seating, and the place can be packed most of the time.
     Service is also knowledgeable and friendly too.
     Chalk up another win for the 40th Street area and for the Oakland dining scene.
    Your typical hipster joint.
     Bearded men, beer, beer snacks made in-house, pretzels.
    Crater Lake Root Beer was delish.
     Served in a metal cup with perfectly square ice cubes that don't get in the way, it has a refreshing but light sassafras taste.
     It's $5 for about 10 oz.
    Pretzel was pretty average.
     The mustard was more like wasabi pretending to be mustard.
     The malted mayo was brown mayo.
    The space is pretty comfortable but service was okay.
     No one came to our table for quite a while until we asked.
    Awesome brunch.
     Hangar steak and eggs were perfectly rare and runny (respectively) and biscuits with friend chicken add-on was gooey and juicy (respectively)Draught iced coffee was strong without being overly bitter and creamy smooth cream.
    Service was quick and attentive and just as hipster as one would expect.
    A happy find in Oakland.
      Interesting selection of beers and tasty food.
      I had the New York Reuben sandwich and was very satisfied.
      The pastrami is almost shredded, which worked fine, and the flavor was excellent.
      Husband had the meatball sandwich and enjoyed it tremendously.
      Freshly made potato chips were perfectly cooked.
      We will happily go back anytime.
    This is a very difficult place to decide whether it's a 3 or a 5 star.
     I opted for 4 stars, and here's why.
     The ambiance is beautiful.
     The lighting is low and glowing, and extremely inviting.
     The overall setup of this restaurant is well thought out.
     And they have a pretty decent selection of beer on tap; different local breweries with brief descriptions.
     Their food is pretty good.
     It's a bit pricey for my wallet, but that's with the understanding the local (sustainable) farmers provide produce and meat.
     And it's good.
     Just beyond my budget for the most part.
     I have a pretty decent job and all, but this is Oakland after all, and $25 entrees, no matter how high the quality of food, is just not within my budget of reasonable spending for a single entree, not including drinks, not including  my partner  or her  choice of food and beverage.
     I will probably just stick to going there for some booze.
     The bartenders are great, the servers are somewhere between mediocre and great, and overall this business seems to have a lot of pride and it presents itself well.
     Definitely worth stopping by for a beer and scoping things out.
     It's very inviting.
    ** honorable mention, this is with respect to Jack R review.
     Just wanted to make the argument that Jack's review is wildly inappropriate.
     Not only is it borderline chauvinistic with his constant mention of how attractive the waitress was, but it's inappropriate with respect to how his failure to order left the waitress to awkwardly make suggestions and order food for him, that he later, somehow, "realized" he didn't know what she had ordered, and therefore he did not like it.
     Went on to joke about how his friend nearly pushed the waitress into his lap, then complained about the food again.
     You're a douche, Jack.
     I think you should take your review down.
     **.
    My girlfriend and I went on a double date with two of our friends, and we had dinner at The Hog's Apothecary.
     It was a Saturday night, and there was a good crowd.
     This restaurant has communal tables which is something that I absolutely disdain.
     As someone who has a busy schedule and is in a long distance relationship, my time with my girlfriend, my friends, and my family is precious to me.
     When I finally get the time to spend with my self-selected company, I hate having to shout over strangers to avoid being drowned out by their own conversations.
     That being said, the communal tables at Hog's were not nearly as cramped as the ones at Homeroom.
     You still have to do a lot of yelling though.
     The hard wooden benches were pretty uncomfortable too.
     Everything else about the restaurant was really great though.
     They offer a preponderance of great local and semi-local beers on tap.
     I had the Buddha's Hand IPA from Berryessa Brewing in Winters, CA, and it was awesome.
     It was not overly bitter and had a pleasant citrus taste from the Buddha's hand.
     Everyone else enjoyed their beers as well.
    My girlfriend and I started our meal with a soft pretzel.
     The pretzel had a rich, brown skin and was light and airy on the inside.
     I really enjoyed the spicy mustard dipping sauce that came with the pretzel.
     The heat from the mustard hits you right in the sinuses (in a good way).
    For our meal, we shared the corn dog and the Jamaican Me Crazy sausage.
    Corn dog: Easily one of the best (non-State Fair) corn dogs I've ever had.
     However, I feel like corn dogs are kind of like donuts.
     Awful ones are still pretty good, and even the best version with the best possible ingredients is only a few times better than the average ones.
     Jamaican Me Crazy: The sausage was tasty, although the jerk seasoning could have been a little more bold.
     I only tasted faint traces of allspice.
     The bun pillow-soft and provided a textural contrast to the pop I would get when biting into the casing of the sausage.
     The potato chips were tasty too.
     While both items were really good, they do seem a little overpriced for what they are.
    Our service was good, although there was some redundancy between the servers.
     Several different people came around to take our orders and this led to some confusion when my girlfriend ordered a second beer and two of the servers mistakenly thought that the other one would get the beer.
     They got it right eventually though.
    Overall, I like The Hog's Apothecary and would come back another time for beer and a corn dog.
    Every time I pass by Hog's Apothecary, it's filled to the brim with customers.
     The menu is filled with (overpriced) sausage options.
     I guess it's their specialty, but no way in hell I am buying into gourmet hotdogs prices anymore.
     I already think Rosamunde and Wurstkuche in LA are overhyped and overpriced so $12+ for a dog? I really don't think so.
    Instead, I tried out the brunch menu.
     At first look, everything is pleasant.
     The servers are nice, the interior is open with long communal tables, and they have an extensive "hipster" beer list.
     I'm on a Belgian kick lately for I get the two Belgian beers and they are both delicious.
     After we ordered the food, about 45 minutes have passed and we are already close to finishing our second beer.
     The service is painfully slow.
     In fact, I saw some other tables that came in after us getting their food first.
     What's up with that?They see us get a bit antsy and assure us our food is coming out.
     I receive my French Monsieur which is good, with a nice kick of Horseradish.
     I also try the Apothecary Benedict and must admit, the house made ham is quite good.
     Everything tastes pretty good but they are all pretty much heart attacks on a plate.
     The food is definitely better than average but not enough to make me keep wanting to come back.
     The problem with this place, and a bunch of other new hipster joints in Oakland, is that everything is "artisanal" but that doesn't mean it necessarily makes everything taste better nor does it justify the stiff prices.
     There are too many places in Oakland which offers a good beer list and hipster food, but it's kind of getting out of hand.
     What's next, $20 sausage made with baby dragon butt and foie gras? I digress but I didn't feel Hog's was a step above any other already existing places.
     That's why I'll give it an A-OK.
    We brought some of our fam here, because I mean it has hog in the name--- why wouldn't we? They only serve beer and wine, so don't expect a full bar.
      The menu is a great mix of stuff to share and entrees.
      We ordered a mix of bar snacks, appetizers and one entree to share.
      Everything was super tasty! The staff was super awesome.
      The one thing that I didn't like was the bench seating (I need a seat back when filling my belly) and there was no where to hang my jacket &amp; purse.
      We will definitely go back here to try more of the menu.
    My wife &amp; I decided to start out 2016 with brunch here today.
      Brunch was quite busy today, so it was good that we made a reservation.
      She started with a mimosa, while I had a pint of hefeweizen (a tough choice, as they have over 25 beers on draft).
      I ordered the chicken and waffles.
      You can get either maple syrup or gravy with this order, but I recommend the syrup.
      The onion waffle and fried chicken are very savory, so the sweetness of the syrup brings a nice balance.
      They use boneless chicken thighs, so you can forgo utensils and just dig in with your bare hands!My wife ordered a benedict, which comes with the house pastrami.
      The egg was cooked perfectly, but the dish (along with the house potatoes) were a little on the salty side.
    We ordered a side of bacon to share, which could have been cooked a little longer.
    The service was excellent:  attentive, but not overbearing.
      The place got pretty loud as it got crowded, but it was very festive for the holiday.
    I was out Free Wheeling and I had a fresh Charge on my Ankle Bracelet .
     Today was a good day to eliminate another Book Mark .
    So I rolled to The Hogs Apothecary and Oaktown.
    I rolled up and Parked right across the street .
     No Parking Lot just Street Parking .
    They also have Bike Parking right up front.
     The Cool Thing is the Front Door Handles are Shaped like Giant Meat Cleavers.
    I was Greeted upon Entering and  Grabbed  a Seat at the Bar.
     The Furnishings are Very Sturdy and some of it is from Repurposed Materials very cool.
     Their Bar Menu and Food Menu Change Daily .
     They also Butcher a Whole Pig every Tuesday and they use every part in Meal preparation .
    They have 2 LCD TVs for Sporting Events .
    They also have a Nice Big Open Air Skylight .
    Their Bartenders are a Wealth of Info .
    They have several Micro Brews on Tap.
    I ordered a Whippersnapper -Southern English Style Brown Mild Ale .
     I Liked It.
    I then ordered a Chocolypto - Imperial Stout with Oatmeal and Cacao .
     I really like this one it was Rich and Robust .
    My Final Beer was Framboos / Batch 28 -Belgian Style Ale with Raspberries .
     This is a Must Order very Flavorful and Fruity .
    For Dinner I Ordered The Belgian Braise - House Butchered Pork Shoulder braised in Societe ale , heirloom grits , charred radish rapini  braising  jus ,hard herb- bread crumb salsa .
    This was very good the Pork was so Tender it melted in my Mouth .
     Yummy I also ordered a Corn Dog and it Came with House rendered Lard Fried Kennebec Potato Chips and Mixed Pickles .
     This was also good .
    My Servers were Very Nice and Prompt .
     I Paid By Discover Card and Rolled out.
    The fried chicken was piled high and looked scrumptious, but it was raw.
      Not under done, not pink.
      Gelatinously raw.
      I asked that it be removed from the bill which they did, but I was surprised our server didn't seem more alarmed by the fact that raw chicken made it onto the plate.
     This is fine if you like communal tables.
    It took me awhile, but I finally got to try Hog's and for brunch, nonetheless.
    I came on a Saturday and there was a good crowd and we got seated right away.
     I had one of their many beers on tap, though I don't recall which one.
     I went with the Belgian Waffles with Fried Chicken.
     The waffles were savory and the fried chicken was a must.
     Otherwise, what's the point? The dish was excellent.
     Though the person I was with got the something else, it was very small for the price, even though my dish was a bit pricey as well.
     I don't remember what he got, as it is not on the menu online.
     The food is good and the service is good as well.
     This is a place I would come to every once in a long awhile, but certainly worth a try.
    I live down the street so I always end up here when I can't make a decision on what to eat.
     Great beer selection and excellent food.
     Menu is always changing, which is nice because I can always order something new.
     The bartender told us they base their menu off of what is available that day.
     Also, service has always been super friendly.
    I should have ordered the Fried Chicken.
    As good as that dish looked though (and as much as I wanted to try it), I knew I had to order something pork related.
      After all, between Hog's Apothecary's name and their giant pig statue that hovered behind me, it'd practically be sacrilegious not to!  And I am not one to mess with the pork/bacon/pork belly powers that may be (all hail, Bacon!).
    With a menu that is constantly changing, Hog's Apothecary has a lot to offer, even if the day's menu isn't super extensive - roughly a dozen starters and sides, a handful of sausages, and a few different entrées.
      What's more, there's beer and lots of it.
      With over 25 varieties on tap (mostly craft brews), you could even forgo eating and just sample beers all night long.
    -- SPICY PORK CRACKLIN'S.
    $3(yelp.
    com/biz_photos/the-…)These cracklin's are crackin'!  Not only are they borderline addictive, but they really do pack some heat, as every piece is coated with a spicy, mouth-watering seasoning (don't forget the lime!).
      What's more, the portion is quite generous!  A great starter for groups to share.
    -- BOURBON-CHICKEN LIVER PATE.
    $6(yelp.
    com/biz_photos/the-…)Although larger slices of bread would have been nice to spread out all that pate, I'm not definitely not complaining about those giant gobs either!  While every bite was rich and decadent, the taste was also nicely accentuated by the sea salt and the berries.
      If this isn't the best one I've had, it wouldn't be far behind.
    -- SUPERFECTA SAUSAGE SANDWICH - Pork, Rabbit, Chicken, Tim's Brown Ale, Basque Chili &amp; Mild Herbs, Fennel-Onion Braise, Dijon Mustard.
    $14(yelp.
    com/biz_photos/the-…)The only blemish, but it was a big one.
      I was hopeful for trio of meats in the sausage, but it wasn't even juicy, let alone flavorful.
      Ironically, the braise had the opposite effect, overpowering whatever flavor the meat had with fennel.
      Sadly, besides the chips, the only other thing I enjoyed were the pickled vegetables.
    As underwhelming as my order was, it really was the only "bad" thing about my experience.
      Great food otherwise, an awesome selection of beers, fantastic staff (they let our large party split our bill into smaller tabs), and (relatively) easy parking.
      Plus, with several long tables, Hog's Apothecary is grew for groups large or small.
    Also, it's worth noting that the rest of my friends seemed to enjoy their food quite a bit (we all ordered different things), so it wouldn't surprise me if what I had just wasn't one of their better dishes.
      Especially since the starters were really good.
      Rounding up from THREE AND A HALF STARS, but I wonder what might have been if I had only ordered the fried chicken!.
    4.
    5 StarsProsA great variety of draft beers + a flight option Pretzel was easily shareable and well done Fun atmosphereChill staff ConsUmmmm can be pricey depending on your beer choice Overall ThoughtsWhile I enjoyed my experience with the beer I want to come back for the food to see if it can be bumped up that last half star!.
    Order the meatballs (appetizer) and fried chicken.
     They have tons of beer on tap!  I was in the mood for cider and they had 2 to choose from.
    I can wait to come back here.
      Such a gem!.
    Will not be returning.
     I give the ambiance, environment, resources (food and drink) a mediocre mark, nothing special.
     It was the service I wasn't happy with.
     I have not ever been talked to like that here in the Bay Area.
     I brought my service dog and two friends and was felt less than welcomed.
     Although we did get to sit down for a beer.
     Our waiter, the bartender, Josh H, near beginning of dinner, was kind of an asshole to my friends and I.
     He immediately had a tone upon first approach like he wasn't going to like us, asking about my small dog.
     I told him we had already talked to the manager and were welcomed to sit down.
     I felt like he would have told us to leave.
    Josh came over to my friends and I to get our drink order.
     My friend had a question which left much to be interpreted.
     Instead of helping my friend out he insulted her by remarking "how all over the place" her question was.
     I was floored.
     I later asked for a glass of water.
     Of course I had my dog in my lap away from others, I gave him a chance to drink out of the glass.
     Josh comes out of nowhere and immediately rips the glass out of my hand and scolds me.
     Stroke two.
     We were all ready to leave by this point.
     He returned with a paper cup of water for my dog.
     Sweet? Hardly.
     He also assumed we wanted separate checks when we did not.
     Perhaps he was having a bad day but a first impression is a first impression bud.
     Terrible service.
     Money is tight for most and I wouldn't waste a second try on somewhere that was just ok.
     In order to harvest a community you should probably be more friendly to your locals and their pooches.
     Word spreads fast.
    It's currently SF Beer Week.
      Like, I'm sad that I even had to work at all this week, but I need the money to taste the beer, so here we are.
      Last night, the hubs and I met some good friends at the Hog's Apothecary as they were hosting brews from FiftyFifty Brewing.
      I stalked the menu online, and many of their offerings are meat and pork and sausage and YES.
      Our server was very friendly and very attentive.
       A+Location - near (in?) Temescal in Oakland.
      I hear this is a notorious hipsterville area.
      No matter, this place is kinda by itself on a corner.
      Walking in, there are picnic tables, so you sit community style with others.
      There was a bar to my right, communal seating in the middle, and bar seating along the left edge.
      I enjoyed the decor, but man, it's loud AF in there.
      We were there in the evening, after 7pm and it wasn't super crowded, but it sounded like it.
     We were fortunate enough to be able to move to a corner booth so we could hear our own conversation.
     Beer - I sampled two beers and shite, I can't remember the name of the FiftyFifty beer.
      It started with an M, if I remember correctly, and it was delicious.
      Winner winner!  The second beer was the German Table Beer, a dark German session with wheat.
      Also delicious.
      I wish it hadn't been a Wednesday night because I would've picked at LEAST three more to try.
      The selection is superb.
      Most of my stars are dedicated to this.
    Food - We ordered the Snack Bar and split among us four.
      I think it's a good bang for your buck.
      You get a HUGE fresh soft pretzel, house made corn nuts, olives, and pork cracklins.
      Everything on that platter was delicious, though I feel as though the cracklins were a little stale.
      Could've just been me.
      Hubs and I split the Steph Currywurst.
      It's a good portion for one person.
      That was my bad.
      Not too overwhelming with the curry flavor, with nice pickled onions and chips on the side.
      I left needing something else though.
    I took away a star due to price.
      Yes, the selection is great.
      The food is well thought-out and complementary to the beer list.
      It was pricey for me though (see 1st paragraph).
      A sausage dog, although delicious was $14.
      Overall, still a good place.
      I'd come here again on a semi-full stomach to sample more beer.
    Great brunch place! Friendly service.
     Sat at the bar and was served by a cool guy from San Diego.
     A wide variety of beer on tap.
     The Royale with Cheese was amazing.
     The oysters were sweet.
     I will definitely return to try the pumpkin pie donut holes!.
    If you want a sausage and beer, this is definitely the place to be! Also, if you're a giant hipster, go here:) the quality is excellent, the vibe is trendy (in all it's dark wood and metal accents, with some great pops of corrugated metal at the bar).
    This place is a major thumbs up, bring your friends and it'll be a great time!.
    I am glad I like this place because it's literally across the street from me.
     Be aware it gets PACKED and it's really not the place to just drop in for a beer on the weekend.
     They are really particular where you sit too so aside from the bar you must check in with the host/hostess.
     The food is good however a bit overpriced but the pretzel is huge and very reasonably priced.
     But you're really coming her for the beer.
     The beer list is great.
     Let me say that again-- the beer list is great.
     A ton of time goes into crafting this and you can tell.
     Everyone working there knows a ton and will recommend and let you tastes everything first.
     I miss the little shuffle board they used to have but they totally needed the space given how popular Hog's has become.
     It's great for the neighborhood and I am a big fan.
    Bacon.
     Pretzel.
     Fried chicken.
     Millions of local brew on tap.
     This man I know, who I call Lester, not his real name, of course, who is from the great state of Iowa, would have loved this place like hog in mud.
     My pre-race meal.
     It was very children friendly.
     I unfortunately was having a discussion with my dining partner about why men always cheat when a young couple with young children sat down.
     Yes it was a communal table style.
     So conversation of controversy could be overheard.
     Though I should not apologize for we have freedom of speech here and plus I know I am right.
     I am the confession chamber to many guy friends who cheat but feel guilty.
    Social commentary aside, this is kind of restaurant that serves the food for the people.
     Basic yet upscale.
     Possibly the best fried chicken with collard greens I have ever eaten.
     I ordered the pork shoulder with grits, delicious.
     Pretzel with two kinds of gourmet mustard, yum.
     But, the most surprising thing was the apple and celery root soup called fruit and root soup.
     Creamy, yes, but also very light and sweet.
     Very girlie dish I think.
     I think the sausages looked great.
     I want to come back to try the local brew.
     Very fashionable.
     This place felt a bit Midwestern and a bit of the South, and slightly Brooklyn.
     Oakland is having a moment.
     I sort of kind of want to share my finds with everyone.
     Time to make some new friends so I can show them how Oaklanders do food.
    We arrived early for our reservation so sat at the bar where we enjoyed some of the amazing beers they have on tap.
     The service and atmosphere was so great we decided to just fine at the bar and what a treat.
     We had bar snacks of olives and spicy pork crackling - both delicious.
     Next the chickfritz which made me wish I could cook so well.
     For our main we shared the shrimp and grits - let's say I had to strongly resist licking the plate! Final course was the pumpkin and pretzel donuts with a custard sauce.
     I'll admit to drinking what was left of the custard sauce.
     The donuts themselves were packed with flavor and delightfully moist.
     Finally did I mention the beer selection? Great choice of local small brews, many of which I love so glad Hogs supports them.
     I will definitely be back.
    Wasn't impressed with the food or service,but the place looks nice.
     Wouldn't go back.
    This area is infested with hipsters and there's nothing to complain about that.
     This restaurant is exactly what this area needed! Craft beer galore.
     This is a more intimate hipster place with cafeteria tables and a bar stools all around (they really want you to start talking to the strangers).
     What I lovvvvveeee is the style and the Devore of this place.
     The plentiful of windows and the high ceilings.
     It really comfortable here.
    They have a huge selection of craft beer all over the east Bay Area as well as out of town beers.
    For now I only tried their hot dogs and pretzel.
     The pretzel was good! Nice and soft and really big enough for two.
     Just AVOID dipping a huge piece into their yellow home made mustard sauce.
     It taste like wasabi.
     As for the hotdog, Jamaican Jerk Off.
     It was ok.
     The Bun broke off cause it was so soft.
     The sausage was good.
     The vegetable they added on top didn't chop off well with the bite.
     I mean it's a hot dog, so simple but they made it so complex that it was hard to understand why.
     I would come back again for the beer for sure.
    Went there again recently and was actually amazed by the food.
     Had mussels and some kind of fabulous salad and vegetable fritter thing.
     It was so fresh, interesting and delicious! (Yes.
     I licked the plate.
    ) Sometimes it's just a matter of respecting your own culinary boundaries and finding the right thing to eat.
     And of course, enjoying The Hog's creative and excellent execution.
    Not sure what's going on but we have been sitting here for 30 minutes! We came in and the waitress took our beer order.
     10 minutes later got our beers! She never came back walked around helping all 10 people in the restaurant.
     Trying to flag her down no eye contact smh.
     Well at least my dead canary is good.
     oh boy she walked by again!! Check please I guess we can't try the food.
     Let me change it to one star even ride when asking for the check!!.
    I came here during restaurant week and it was pretty busy.
     The service was great and the food was okay.
    Excellent beer selection Slowish service, only had maybe 1 or 2 waitstaff for a  busy Saturday night.
     I was going to order the corn app but thankfully I was told it was essentially corn nuts.
    Pistachio mortadella was goodPork  crackling was deliciousShrimp grits were absolutely fantasticCorn dog was extremely dissapointing, the breading fell apart and wasn't crispy or thick enough and the sausage was bleh.
    Sorry, but don't believe the hype.
     Although Hog's is a guiding light for the Temescal gentrification movement, the service is kind of pretentious dudes old timey haircuts and ironic t-shirts, the food is meh, and the vibe is kind of wack.
     Thanks for the $7.
    50 beer and microwaved pretzel.
     Wah-wahhhhhh.
    You know, I found the menu very hard to navigate.
     Maybe I went at the wrong time of the day? But we were only offered a bar menu and it was not straight forward.
     I felt almost intimidated trying to figure out why we had to de-code it.
     We had to ask the waitress a few times what is what and how we get what we want.
     She seemed at awe why we would ask suchhhh questions but then she served us marinated olives from a MASON jar.
     That was when I figured out we were going to be spending money on cool instead of food, so we nibbled and left.
     I may or may not stick my head in another time, just to see if their regular dinner menu will not be served on burlap or a birds nest.
     The restaurant itself is very pretty though!.
    I went here with two of my friends for Oakland Restaurant Week; unfortunately, we came at dinner and the offer was not available! Bummer! You walk in, and there is a bar, benches (Biergarten status), and stools around the edges.
     The decor was nice and even featured a giant hog.
     FOOD: We got the meatball appetizer and I got the Extras sandwich.
     My friends got the Area 51 and the Kielbasa.
     Overall, tasty.
     The food comes with freshly made chips and pickled vegetables.
     The chips were HEAVILY salted that I felt that it was just not good.
     Please hold back on the salt.
     Veggies were fine.
     The sausage combo itself was pretty good.
     DRINK:I got a double IPA.
     The place has a lot of beer options and are constantly rotating with choices, so beer options are great here.
     SERVICE: I was pleased with the service.
     Our waitress was attentive, but nothing spectacular, but our food and drinks come out in within a reasonable amount of time.
     Although, she took away our full water pitcher and gave it to another party.
     I was confused, but mistakes like that happen.
     OVERALL:To sum it up, very expensive, which probably is why it's 3 stars.
     For what I ate, the quality, and all, I don't see how I can justify $14 for a "sandwich" (a hot dog).
     We were content with the place at the end of the night, but believed the price and quality disparity was too big.
    I changed my mind.
     (after my last visit)Smarmy host.
     Over priced food.
     Yacky, pretentious &amp; droning hipster wannabes.
     It's downright annoying.
     I'm not going back.
     'tis a shame.
     Nice bartender.
     Great beer selection.
      .
    oh well.
    Great place to get a drink, and the food (at least, our pretzels) is great! They have a large variety of beers.
     I had the red flight, everyone else had lighter beers.
     The beer and the pretzels were all amazing!.
    Quick stop for a snack before heading out to a late dinner.
     The beer selections were pretty impressive! Decided to try the Hock &amp; Trotter Terrine - could use a bit of seasoning.
     The flavors didn't mix in together as well as we expected it to.
     Still overall satisfying.
    Despite passing by this place several times on my trek to Piedmont, I had never set foot in The Hog's Apothecary until this evening.
     I had always felt a tad bit put off by the name, as I am a strict vee-gan.
     Their menu didn't seem to be very veg-friendly (rather, not at all).
     However, my friend Lindsey (also a veg) brought me here, and I thought it was pretty neat, as far as bars go.
     I tried the Societe beer flight this evening ($10), which featured tantalizing names for each brew: The Harlot, The Debutante, and The Widow.
     All three of the beers hailed from San Diego.
     The service was a touch unfriendly, but I've come to expect that same surliness with hipster locales in the East Bay.
     The dining area and bar were both pretty jam-packed, so the host placed us, standing, at a counter by the window.
     The server seemed to dislike this placement, but where else were we to go? I think I would have bumped this one up to a 5 if the staff had took initiative and found us a table.
     Even so, at the end of the day, all of the beers I tasted were delicious, and I would definitely return to sample more of their cold beverages.
    The ambiance here is really nice.
     The beer is delicious and food is amazing.
     The pretzels with wasabi mustard sauce really opens your airway and taste so good.
    Been here for lunch and dinner now and it's been great!  The menu is limited but with enough choices and diversity for everyone to be able to find something.
      Extensive beer menu but I dont think liquor.
      Seating is communal on some tables to be ready to rub elbows with a stranger.
      Looking forward to going back as they update their menu.
    Loudest restaurant I've ever been in making the experience uncomfortable right as it began.
      The cracklins were chewy, not really crunchy, and didn't have any pork flavor to it.
      The terrine was too subtle and came on bread which tasted like it was a day old.
      My Versace sausage was one of the better ones I've had, well seasoned and juicy with a good kick, served on a soft bun which tasted kind of like a Hawaiian roll.
     The potato chips were fine but nothing special, reminds me of in-n-out fries which are "more fresh" but also just don't taste as good as other stuff you find.
    Overall a pretty average meal in an unpleasant setting.
    Wow! Literally the best benedict I ever had, and from a gastropub no less.
      The meat was amazing and the egg was perfectly poached.
      Excellent job! And I'm typically someone who is very particular with it comes to breakfast (I have a sous vide at home so it's hard to beat sous vide eggs).
      Plus great beer selection on top of that!.
    Had a nice lunch here with a mimosa and a "Vietnamese" sausage sandwich with an egg on it.
     quite good.
     You sit at communal tables.
     Maybe next time we come here for happy hour.
    We came back for dinner to celebrate our 1-year wedding anniversary (dropped in without a reservation) and in almost no time at all, we were seated in the exact same place as our first visit back in July.
     We had the same server, AND she remembered us! Pretty awesome.
     The blue cheese stuffed figs are not on the menu currently but they make some damn good steak (with blue cheese BUTTER!!! WOWWWW) and fries.
     I loved looking around the restaurant while we were eating and seeing how the staff all interacted with each other - laughing, talking, and at one point I looked up in time to see someone down half a glass of beer.
     I don't mean to imply they're unprofessional; rather I get the impression that people that work here love being around each other and working together in an environment that they enjoy, which definitely makes for a fun dining experience.
     If we lived closer (and made a bit more money) I'd want to be regulars.
    Seriously guys, if you're ever in the area, skip the crowds waiting outside Homeroom (although I also love that place) and just go about a block up for some of the best dishes in the east bay.
    Brunched here twice and the food has been delectable:Softshell crab Benedict - I snapped that up the moment I saw it, and so glad I did because it wasn't on the menu the next time I went here!  It was just as good I imagined it would be, plus the potatoes on the side were amazing.
    Savory waffle + fried chicken - I had this with both gravy and syrup, and really it should be done no other way.
      The fried chicken was boneless (all the easier to inhale you with, my dear), moist on the inside, crunchy but not greasy on the outside.
      The waffles were cornmeal-y, also with the perfect amount of crispness most becoming of a waffle.
      Have this dipped in syrup, and then the next bite smeared with gravy, then a bite of chicken, and so forth.
      I can guarantee the couple next to you who hasn't gotten their entrees yet will be slightly uncomfortable at you and your spouse's eating moans.
      Service was great.
      I would say in the summer be prepared for a cold drink along with everything else.
    Waltzed in here with a reservation for 2, just in case, on a Sunday morning for brunch.
     Upon first observation, this place is bright, open and cute!! Community tables for the social people and a few private tables for people like me.
     My friend opted for the Pastrami Benedict with Schmaltz Potatoes and I went for the Fried Chicken and Spring Onion Waffles with Huckleberry Jam.
     Let's not forget the mimosas, a brunch requirement.
     Delicious.
     That is all I have to say.
     Hands down best chicken and waffles I've had so far.
     And I've had a lot.
     No bones! I'm all about bones and meat handles but you know there be places that give you only skin and bones.
     Just meat baby.
     Crispy on the outside and tender, juicy on the inside.
     I'm salivating just thinking about it.
     And those schmaltzy potatoes?! I stole them off my friends plate.
     So damn good.
     That flavor! I can't get over this place!.
    This is one of our go-to brunch spots in the Bay Area.
     The beer selection is phenomenal, the food is great and we love the space with beautiful light big community tables.
     Some of our favorites include the French Madame, the schmaltzy potatoes, the Royale with cheese.
     The staff is always friendly, great customer service.
    Hipster is probably the best way to describe this place.
     The concept, the staff, the menu.
     This is something that you would expect in Portland - but none of this is necessarily a bad thing.
    My friend up in Oakland had reached out to me, and while looking at reviews for the Trappist, a mention about the Hog's Apothecary caught my eye.
     Fortunately the place was a few blocks from my friend and close to my sister.
     My friend has wanted to try this place, and I was curious.
    We showed up to standing room only - a good sign.
     My friend put her name down with a 30 minute wait, and we found a space to look over the beer menu.
     Really impressive, local menu.
     Some things I've tried, but there was plenty that I had never even seen before.
     Started with the 1903 Pre-Prohibition Style American Lager, which was delicious, and intelligently the beers got added to the menu tab for when we sat.
    Not even 10 minutes later we got a seat.
     Other than the bar, the place features long tables with benches.
     Herein lies the one of problem I see with this place: getting in and up from these benches if you have a middle seat and they are already packed.
     I eventually maneuvered in, but it wasn't easy.
    The possibly daily-changing menu was confusing to say the least.
     I still have no idea what Arlo Shirks or Olin Browns are.
     I get it, hipster.
     But don't make things difficult on your servers and the patrons - call shit out, like everything else on the menu.
    Regardless, I went the sausage sandwich route that the person sitting next to me also did: a Darkwing (duck and pork sausage with some kind of delicious greens on top) and the fried grits side.
     The Darkwing was delicious and hearty, the chips very flavorful, as were the white veggie side.
     The fried grits were also delicious, but the sausage was big enough that I barely got a dent into the grits.
    Before leaving my friend and I each ordered one of the daily flights: she went with wheat, I went with hoppy.
     The Daphne was delicious, but definitely more on the crisp summer day variety of hoppy.
    I could definitely see coming back, and if I lived in the area, the beers alone might make this a recurring stop.
     Some of the entrees are a bit on the pricey side, but fortunately there are some cheap options so you don't break the bank.
    Great food and rotating taps.
      The staff is also wonderful.
      I visit often and love their brunch!.
    A certain someone wanted to try this place for over 4 months now.
    Here we are at this place with all the open space in the world, but to only see two communal tables in the middle of the room and bar stools along the window counters.
      Trying to squeezed us into the edge of the communal table (H-E-L-L to the NO!).
     We opted to wait for the bar stools instead.
    With minimal selections, we nibble on some chickpea fritters and meatballs before scarfing down our Moroccan lambs sandwich and hot dogs.
     Nothing spectacular about the food when all you're given was some pickles and potato chips to go along with your meal.
      I'm not looking to return to this place but maybe one day along the line.
     In fairness, their service was on point and friendly.
    Solid food, great atmosphere and interesting beer list.
     The pretzel is a must.
     Sausages are good.
     Fried chicken is good.
     Totally worth while.
     Though I dig it it's not a place that's like a total package for me meaning I would suggest it, but I wouldn't go outta my way to go there.
     It is for sure one of the better spots in that few block radius - not that there are many.
    Went "cheap" with the Corn Dog ($8) and asked for a recommendation for the 3 small Charcuterie items.
     The waitress recommended the Pork Terrine ($6).
    The terrine comes with toasted slices of Barkada baguette, whole grain mustard, pickle, and olive (yelp.
    com/biz_photos/the-…).
     Despite having visible herbs it was pretty bland on it's own and definitely needed the mustard (yelp.
    com/biz_photos/the-…).
    The Corn Dog was superb.
     It's huge and served with lard-y chips, pickles, ketchup and yellow mustard (yelp.
    com/biz_photos/the-…).
     Strong smokey flavor from the hot dog.
     The chips were all crisp, an improvement from my last visit.
    They need to beef up the little skewer you can see on the left side of my picture.
     I first picked the corn dog up with that and it immediately bent and cracked under the weight of the corn dog.
    Went to check this place out.
     Food was okay but service was bad.
    Duck was dry.
     Nothing special about the fried chicken.
     Meatballs were great!!But our server, maybe she was having a bad day, but really inattentive.
      She never came and checked in if I wanted another beer.
     When taking our order she literally left before my friend placed his order.
     She took my order then turned around and left as he was about to place his order.
     He had to track her down and give her his order.
     And she never returned to check how our meals were.
     It became comical but she was not a good server.
     I wasn't impressed enough to return.
     Think it's a lot of hype.
    Here's the thing: the food is sadly only 2-2 and a half stars, but the excellent service bumps it up to three stars.
     1) the fried chicken was covered in gravy.
     Like too much and took away from the crispness.
     No flavor to the batter really and kinda bland.
     Meh.
     2) the corn dog- gf got it and I tried.
     Also just not as good as it looked.
     3) fried pickle appetizers were solid though.
     4) great beer selection I will confirm.
    I was sooo excited to try HA.
    I'm so disappointed that our experience left us irritated &amp; disgusted.
     There was literally 4 other patrons there when we walked in at 5:25pm.
    at 5:30 dinner started &amp; 5 more parties walked in.
    we got outta there at 6pm with NO food order since EVERYONE got service before we did.
     I was appalled no one even stopped by to check how we were doing with our beer that was ordered at the bar.
      Funny enough there was a black guy at the bar that was there before we got there that no one was checking on either!!!! The food smelled so good but they weren't getting another cent from me.
    they went outta their way to avoid making eye contact.
      Make sure you look hipster enough if you want any service from Hog's.
    you just messed with the wrong ONE!.
    Super yummi y'all! Best fired chicken I ever had (albeit probably the smallest portion).
     Their Wiener schnitzel was incredible and I'll be back.
    This place has an incredible beer list.
     The beer selector knows their stuff.
     Always delicious.
     I live fairly close to this spot so I frequent this place.
     Hogs does not have anything I eat ( because I'm vegan) but the service, ant the staff are great, so I come anyways.
     My man loves their sausages and I just like the place.
     Good beer and great staff and I like the design of the place.
    Was looking forward to trying this place as I like beer and pork, and it's within walking distance to my home.
      Came with a small  group on a very quiet night (maybe 6 or 7 customers besides us), but was underwhelmed.
     Had a good beer and intended to eat, but was put off by the service.
     Example: When I asked the guy behind the bar if a certain beer was good, rather than a friendly "Yes", and maybe describing it, he just dryly said "Define good".
      Really? You're gonna just throw it back at the customer with two words to prove how cool and indifferent you are?More than one examples of dickish attitude meant we left after one beer each, and a tab that was less than 1/5 of what was likely as we intended to stay for more beers and dinner, but I guess they "won" because they seemed intent on not making us feel welcome and they achieved it.
    In the Yelp listing, it says "Ambience: Hipster" and that's accurate.
      Judging from the snarky/snotty service, it seems they Hog's Apothecary thinks that's a compliment.
     In my experience, even hipsters don't like to think of themselves as such.
     (Are there really people out there who say, "Hipster? I'm there!")This place needs to get over itself and act like they're happy you're there.
      The fact that they don't bother to respond to their Yelp reviews seems to be another example of them thinking they're too cool to care.
    When you see the word "apothecary" in their name, you just know it's gonna be hipster.
      So much so, that I kept feeling like I was in a Portland joint.
      Maybe it was the drizzle outside, maybe the multiple sightings of flannels and beards, whatever it may be, I was down with it.
      This place is simple yet legit.
      A new American Beer Hall is how they deem themselves and I like it.
    Started with a black beer mixed with pinot noir from Moonlight in Santa Rosa and it was super unique.
      Not bad but not something I would want multiples of.
      You can definitely taste the wine.
      Noshed on their bar ready *spicy* pork cracklings and they were incredibly light and sticky on the tooth.
      And spicy was a bit of an understatement, it stung like a mutha.
      I suppose they want you to order another beer.
    A salad of tender butter lettuce, chopped beets, hipster rainbow radishes and a nice blue cheese dressing is a nice starter.
      At $10 it is quite spittable.
    Zsa Zsa $14 is an amazing sausage sandwich.
      A Hungarian style which is like a kielbasa on steroids.
      Don't know if they make their own sausage but this was one helluva meat specimen in tube form.
      It was incredibly juicy and flavorful.
      Unique toasted bread, a fresh herb/oil spread and thick cut potato chips.
     Oh I'd grow a hipster beard for this if I could, but I can't, so darn it to hell.
    Hanger Steak $26 was spot on bistro fare.
      Tender bloody meat, blue cheese sauce, sautéed greens and potato gratin.
      Very assertive flavors and if you love beef, this will not disappoint.
      Only thing was it came out lukewarm and within a minute it was basically cold.
      But now with a dry hopped steam beer from Petaluma, all was good.
    Like the hood, like the brews, like the staff and like the food.
      What's not to like?!  This place is a total score.
    I am adding an update because I received a note from one of the other bartenders that I have never experienced and he told me to come back when he was working and apologized for the bad experience I had.
    I stopped in late for an after climbing beer and saw that he was behind the bar so I went in.
     I ordered a delicious beer, drank my beer and went on my way.
    I was impressed and very pleased by his service and have gone back twice when I see he is working.
     He is definitely the gem of that place and like going in for a late night beer when he is working!.
    The beer selection is excellent.
      The food, unfortunately, is mediocre and overpriced.
      I'd be there more often if the waiters weren't so snotty and on top of you.
      They'll get very pissy if you don't order food, even if it's early evening and the place is barely half full.
    I want to love this place.
     I live a block away away and I want to come, all the time, and to love it.
     However, due to the poor service I've received on more than one occasion and the clear lack of vegetarian/vegan options I feel forced to give a less than satisfactory review.
     I'm usually fine with ordering the hot pretzel, which to be fair is awesome, and having one (or two or three) of the amazing beers available, and call it an excellent night.
     However, on more than one occasion, I've experienced snobby and/or snarky service, which I find quite uncool (I've worked in customer service for over 20 years and know what it's like to give and receive genuinely warm, welcoming, and helpful service).
    I'll start with the good-often times I've had great servers who were attentive, polite, and top-notch.
     I've had numerous fantastic beers and beer suggestions and a handful of excellent salads and desserts.
     However, more than once I've come across employees who were were way less than helpful, and at times, snarky.
     Boo.
    Me on a Friday night around 6pm: "Hi, I'd love to grab a quick drink"Hostess (with warmth of of a rock): "There's no room at the bar.
    "Me: "Oh, see there's a spot by the window, can I take that [which they let me have any other night of the week]?"Hostess: "Some people are waiting for those.
    "Ok, I can't have a quick beer in the meantime? You can't say in a friendly tone, 'you're welcome to wait until something opens up.
    ?'Frustrated, I left and decided to go across town where I felt more welcome.
     I drove by about 15 minutes later (on my way to said place a cross town), and there was still no one in the seat I had asked for (I could see from the huge windows) Glad you keep it for them! (I would have been done, paid, and and out of the seat by then).
    My next experience: on a Sunday night in which I sit at the bar then ask the bartender if any of the sides are vegetarian.
     His reply: "Have you seen the name of this place? We can always make you a vegetarian plate if you wish.
    " Thanks, but why the need for a snarky opening? I could reply, and did: you are a business in vey hipster neighborhood full of vegans and vegetarians.
     It's unfortunate that you're not more friendly to those diets.
     He has the audacity to debate with me, which is when I start writing this review.
    On a positive note, when I'm done with my beer the seemingly manager apologizes for any negativity and offers to pay for me beer.
     Thanks buddy! You've kept the door open for another chance.
    Give 'en a try if you're there for a full, non-vegetarian dinner.
     You may really like it! And, if they shape up a bit and tune in to their local clientele and the general requests of their customers, I'll be back on a regular basis.
    Great service and awesome food.
     Have to admit that I was a bit weary going here with all the reviews about too cool for school hipster servers and I am happy to report that hipster is the only true adjective.
    We were a group of five plus one baby and they were very accomodating, making sure that we had the right spot where the kiddo wouldn't be knocked over.
    Food was delicious.
     We scarfed down the soft pretzels.
      Fried chicken was good but not amazing.
     True to the name, anything with a casing is worth ordering and order one of everything!.
    I think the food is outstanding.
      I have been known to be a less than adventurous eater so i must point out that everything I have had has had me in awe.
      Love love the always rotating, fresh craft brew selection and they have a couple wines that are de-lish as well as a sparkling for those not into beer.
    I must comment on the 2 star review:  You went to an establishment practically named "pork incorporated" and were surprised at the lack of vegetarian options?  And they preceded to tell you they are always happy to make a vegetarian friendly dish on order (I've overheard them offer this to people and thought that was very accommodating!) and you are still less than thrilled with their service?  And if the local clientele is not being represented with such an establishment, then why are they packed regularly and why did another butchery restaurant open just up the block?.
    Finally had a chance to try this place out as I don't live in the area.
     What a gem! We tried several items on the menu and all to a dish were superbly thought out, created, plated and delicious.
      My favorite by far was the charcuterie .
     all made in house of course.
    Beyond the food, the beer list is extensive and eclectic.
      From what the owners said, constantly rotating as well so I'd encourage frequent visits to sample them all of course.
     They also work directly with breweries rather than through distributors when possible so you know care is taken regarding freshness.
     If I lived closer, I'd own a "mug".
    And the atmosphere! Warm.
     Inviting.
     Family friendly.
     Not too loud but still fun and great for groups.
      The staff was very service oriented and the chef/owner is constantly circulating the room and ensuring everyone has a fantastic experience.
    The rapini here is arugalized in-house, and their delicious pea tendrils are wilted to order.
     Don't forget to slather the Yemeni skhug on your quatre epices for that extra kick of flavor.
    Tl;dr: the menu is unrelentingly pretentious, and using inductive reasoning, my party determined all hot dogs are indistinguishable from one another.
    The Hog's .
     .
     .
     .
    is a nice addition to the flourishing Beer Garden trend that is finally catching up to the rest of the USA.
      Yet this one the lacks the actual outdoor experience one would expect of a traditional Beer Garden.
      Nevertheless, there are many things to like about this one.
      Well, of course the beer selections are very satisfactory ranging from imports and domestics on tap.
      The food delights wells especially the Terrines or the Hogs Head Cheese and and the Charcuteries.
      Nothing too extraordinary here, but the mains and started complement the beer selection nicely.
      However, avoid the mostly unsparing sides like the Brussels sprouts,  etc.
      More time was put into describing them than preparing them, so theylive on this menu as an afterthought.
      The atmosphere is rustic, modern and pleasing ,but it hard to have a conversation here at the larger tables where you nearly have to yell to be hard.
      So if you want something quieter and more chatty, sit by the windows.
    Good food, great service, but this place is so incredibly overpriced.
      $27 for two tiny pieces of fried chicken.
      $16 for a tiny salad?  Totally ridiculous.
      But delicious.
    I'm from San Diego and this is my second visit to the Hog.
      Both times I have had an exceptional time!!  The customer service and beer selection are outstanding.
      The first time I was there Nicole took great care of this out-of-towner and I knew I had to go back.
      Megan in the bar was super awesome and she really knew her beer.
      She paired me up with a great beer that I probably couldn't have picked of myself.
      After that, Marie, Alice and Christy took over and things were consistently great from there.
      The rainbow heirloom was too good to describe in words, so you might want to go down there in person and try it for yourself.
      Every time I'm in Oakland Im stopping by for sure.
      Thanks for the extra Burrata guys!!  Keep up the good work!!.
    Returned for breakfast and was thrilled to see the Benedict back on the menu, this time with pastrami.
     Combined with the schmaltzy potatoes it is just amazing.
     And as previously mentioned the iced coffee is delicious, and you can't go wrong with a pitcher of mimosas with fresh squeezed OJ.
    service was ridiculously slow! I swear there was one.
     MAYBE two people working and the place was packed! I had the corn dog and I like mustard but that stuff was gross, wayy to spicyoverall just not my kind of restaurant i would recommend going just for a beer due to the large selection but the service would keep from going even for that.
    This is my friend's favorite spot so we've eaten here 3 times in the last two weeks and a dozen, or more, times over the last 4 months.
      The host and servers are always helpful, knowledgable and accommodating.
      They make most everything in house, so they can tell you about all of the ingredients.
       This has been super helpful over the last few weeks because I'm doing the Whole30 diet that requires I not partake in a whole host of ingredients (including no added sugar to anything).
      I've had the same super awesome server the last 3 times.
      She knows what I need and has been incredibly accommodating and helpful in working with the kitchen to help me eat there.
     My friend enjoys trying different beers and every server we've had has happily help him choose the best bear to go with his meal.
      I'm don't drinker beer but they've even helped me find one or two that I like (before I was doing the Whole30).
    If you're looking for friendly service, good solid food and a great beer selection this is a place you should try.
    Beer selection can't be beat, and a knowledgeable staff to guide you thru it.
      Menu is meat heavy as expected, and isn't approachable for everyone.
      However the flavors are incredible and every meal I've had there has been delicious.
      Great location for MacArthur BART and I'll be back soon.
    The food is amazing.
     Large hearty portions, really tasty and comforting.
     Great selection of beer.
     The service however has room for improvement - can never seem to catch the eye of the one server on the floor at 7pm on a Sunday (who whisked away our water bottle in an attempt to refill it, then forgot to return it until we flagged her down to ask about the bottle's whereabouts).
     The squirrely host is no help either - eyes only looking at the silverware he was setting down.
    Have now been to Hog's 3 times, and I have been beyond impressed every time.
     My fancy beer friends are always stoked with the selection of beers on tap.
     Being more of a wine girl, I really like that selection is as well.
     Food was DELISH! The summer gems salad was fresh and tasty time.
     The heirloom tomatoes were also super tasty, and the Italian Sausage KILLED IT.
     Go to Hogs, go now.
    Got there for a reservation at 7:30 pm were seated at 8:20pCouldn't hear or think beyond the noise and music.
    Fish dish was dry  and bland.
    Man, this place is awesome!! I came here for the first time a couple days ago and just had to go back last night.
     I found out about the Hog when I decided to Yelp for corn dog places around the bay.
     When this place popped up, I bookmarked it and knew that this place was going to be a winner (have you SEEN the pictures of that sucker?!).
     Located on the corner of Shafter and 40th about a block away from Homeroom, this place is a great location for a quick dinner or to catch up with some friends.
     During the visits, my girlfriend and I got to try their kielbasa ("Who's your Basa?"), corn dog, roasted peppers, and delicious as all-hell potato chips (that are fried in their own pig lard! Yes!!).
     The Hog has a hefty beer collection on tap with relatively lesser-known breweries.
     We met up with a friend and all got to try an IPA with wild rice, imperial IPA, several saisons and a couple of stouts.
     I don't recall the exact number of beers that they have on tap, but it's a very impressive number considering some places in the area only serve up about 10.
    If you're coming here for dinner, make sure to either make reservations or be prepared to just sit at the bar, which really isn't bad.
     The music here is BITCHIN, so prepare to eat good food, drink tasty beer, and groove to some dope music.
    Look, I know that as a vegetarian in a place called "Hog's Apothecary" (or "Hog's" anything else for that matter), I have little right to complain about a lack of food options not made from a pig.
      So I'll only note here that if you are a vegetarian (or keep Kosher or Halal), you are not going to find food here for you.
    We only came here for beer anyway, so I'm not holding it against them.
    The ambiance here is cool-- very Oakland hip.
      Lots of beer options, so, there's that.
      Greeter and server and person who finally brought our beers were very nice.
    But I was not that impressed with the beer we had in 2 different flights (so that's 6 different beers--multiple opportunities for good beer), and it took 15 minutes for someone to come get our drink order once we had sat down.
      We actually gave up we were sitting there so long and finally just went to the bar to order there.
      The place isn't that big and didn't have that many people, but it seems like they didn't have enough servers for the space, and so our nice server lady badly neglected us.
      It's two stars for me on this not because it's a bad place in and of itself but because for Oakland, it's a definite "Meh.
     I've experienced better.
    "  It definitely did not live up to the hype; neither, for me, did it live up to comparisons/experiences/and-mainly-the-beer of Beer Revolution or The Trappist.
    But I'm going to guess that if you like pork with random potentially-not-great-beer that this place is going to be the bee's knees for you.
      Or the pork knees, as it were.
    If you are a beer lover and find yourself in the area, I would definitely recommend stopping in here.
     The extensive (mostly local) draft beer list is impressive and is varied enough to keep the whole group happy.
     Our group of 4 started standing by the window while we waited for some seating to open up.
     We then sat at one of the large shared tables in the middle of the restaurant, where we shared a couple bits/starters and two of the house sausages (which are huge).
     Great/lively ambiance!.
    Sorry guys! Have always loved the food and amazing draft list but.
     Chill out on the rules.
     The last three times we've been there our experience has been soured by weird overstepping of bar/seating arrangements.
     I've invited multiple guests who've felt snubbed by this.
     I.
    e.
     tonight for my birthday after work our table was approached and I was told we were expected to spend more money on food not just drinks and would have been sat somewhere different.
     This was an odd and somewhat rude admission in light of each person ordering over $30 in drinks.
     I appreciate the attempt to keep the most efficient flow going through the restaurant but the second your patrons feel like pigs led through a feeding trough, you've lost an opportunity.
    I don't drink beer often but I had a fun time experimenting with the beer menu and having our waitress pick out drinks for me based on my preferences.
      The Harlot (a Belgian pale ale) was my favorite, and given that I overheard a few other parties ordering it, my sense is that it's a pretty popular choice.
    I enjoyed everything we ordered (pork cracklins, meatballs, summer bean ragout and mixed grill) except for the corn dog.
      The hot dog tasted overly smokey and burnt to the point where I couldn't really taste the cornbread.
      This was highly disappointing because I love corn dogs, but I still recommend coming here for the other dishes, beer selection and attentive service.
    After a rocky first visit (nothing to do with the food), I'm now a HUGE HOG FAN.
     The cod fritters were delicious.
     The fried chicken rocked our world.
     Service was charming and I really appreciated the owners reaching out.
     They've totally solved any service problem they had.
    Food:Spicy Pork Cracklin's - Don't get it, it's not very good.
      It doesn't taste like "real" cracklins.
    Belgian-Braised Pork Shoulder - This is a winner.
      For $27, you make the value proposition on this one.
    Choucroute Garnie - It's exactly what it is albeit I was expecting more meat.
      I think there were 4 meat selections and more saurkraut.
      A great plus is that one of the meats is their duck, which is DELISH!  If I compare it to others that I've tried, this lands on the bottom somewhere (That just means I've experienced tons of kick-ass Choucroute Garnie in my life).
    Beer:Yeast and Hops Flights - All good.
      This place has a great selection of beers and if they curate it as they described, extra kudos.
    Lowdown:I'll probably go back for the beer and the ambiance.
      The food and area, not so much.
      I would be here often if I lived in the neighborhood, that's how much I liked my experience.
      Some people will say that the food is over-priced, I can see that argument.
    Recommendation:MAKE A RESERVATION.
    Love the ambience annnnd it's in my 'hood.
     I'm going in a hike tomorrow so I wanted something hefty even though I am currently sans meat.
     So I ordered the Gem &amp; Jewels salad along with the Soft Pretzel.
     Sooooooo good.
     Omg, this salad.
     For reals.
     Not playing.
     The softness of gem lettuce, the sweetness of the persimmon, the tang of the pomegranate cut with the slight acidic tang of the crème fraiche dressing.
     but y'all don't hear me though.
     I'm sure many have waxed poetic about the pretzel so I'll just say, order it.
     Their beer menu is extensive and the staff is very welcoming.
    I ordered one of the sausage combos and it was awesome.
     The sausage was made and cooked perfectly, and the fixings, while not terribly appetizing to look at, were perfect along with the bun.
     The beer selection is great and I can always find something new to try.
     Despite being busy, service was quick on everything and the manager was also helping out and very responsive.
    I love this place.
     Their detail to their house made food,  fine local beers and wine is amazing.
     The corn dog is the best you'll ever have.
     It gets busy and some might say somewhat pricey, but well worth all of it! I've been here several times since they've opened and am always impressed.
     Thank goodness for fine food in Oakland!PS- they just started doing take-out; I cannot wait to eat a corn dog in bed.
     Yum.
    This is a cool hipster place - love the vibe here.
      If you like beer, it is a must.
      I am not a drinker but friends enjoyed it here.
      The hostess was very friendly to the wait staff.
      This is a place to share food and chat with friends.
      It does get kinda loud in here and you need to raise your voice to talk at times.
      The food is good.
    we shared 2 sampler appetizer plate and an entree.
      It was a good taste of all kinds of pork.
      The portions were good.
    not too small and too overly large.
    good size.
      The prices are decent.
      It is nice to have a gastropub in temescal area.
      With home run down the block and blue bottle opening near by, I am glad this neighborhood is up and coming with great eats.
    This is an awesome place for beer lovers - they just have an amazing selection of local beers on tap.
     They also have a selection of ciders, which I tend to order.
     Usually you can grab a seat at the communal tables, but you can also make reservations if you have a bigger party.
     I've found the food to be a little disappointing, with very few options for vegetarians be warned!.
    If you are driving to the neighborhood, do NOT leave anything in your car.
     No bags, no cell phone chargers.
      Your car WILL be broken into, and you will not get your stuff back.
    Okay, I swear, it took me a while to choose between 3 or 4 stars - I've seriously been going back and forth for about 5 minutes now! We ordered the mixed grill - I believe it was a mix of 3 different meats (a piece of sausage, pork belly/thickest bacon slab I ever seeeen) and a half of a small tiny bird (I think Cornish game hen??).
    anyways! 'twas delicious and utterly satisfying.
     Full of flavor and goes so gooood with the beer!OH YEAH.
    the beer.
     that's a whole separate story guys.
     this place has a FAT list of brewery-direct beers on tap.
     they are hand-selected and have a variety from all over the west coast.
     In addition, they're pretty knowledgeable on the beers they offer, so when in doubt, just ask for a suggestion.
     Now.
    the reason I gave 3 stars.
    the pricing.
     I mean.
    really, for a small ramekin of basically what we Americans know as "Corn Nuts" you're gonna charge $3 for less than a handful? AND.
    they're way too hard to chew, they might be better off sticking in a sling-shot and letting a kid have some fun.
     $6 for a regular pretzel.
     The plate we got, Mixed Grill.
    small tiny portions.
    was wrong for 2 of us to share, but THAT small plate was $28 :/  yikes.
    Another reason for not giving 4 stars was the attitude of the staff - mostly the hostess, the guys at the tap, and our specific server.
    so I guess that's the majority.
     they had this attitude that came off as if they were "too cool" or "too hipster" to help out and serve normal people coming from work that just want a good bite and beer.
     definitely felt like they're only welcoming to a certain and specific type of crowd.
    guess you need tats, an old leather jacket and a septum piercing to get the thumbs up for them.
     it's a shame, because I would've gone back for their food and beer selection.
    probably on a pay day since its kinda pricey , HAH!.
    Went by again for an early dinner on Sunday.
     No wait right at 5pm, but it seemed to get crowded around 5:45pm.
    This time we had a chance to sample more of the menu and I have to say that I was actually really surprised at how good the food was! I was prepared to support this place based on the fact that it serves good beer and is within walking distance of where I live, but now I can legit say it is worth seeking out.
    We had:- charcuterie sampler of pork rillettes, liver mousse, trotter terrine ($13 for the sampler of three).
     Quality: B+, Adesso is way better.
     Quantity: B, too much of the sides, not quite enough of the main bits, but for $13, it was alright- frisee and arugula salad with grilled peaches and humboldt fog toast ($8 I think?).
     Quality: A+, this was perfectly balanced and well-seasoned and the peaches were ripe and sweet.
     Quantity: B, the toast was kinda ridiculously thinly spread with cheese- rabbit &amp; pork belly salad with onion stuff and herb stuff on it, it came with chips and pickles ($14).
     Quality: A+++++ the sausage was incredible.
     I was really blown away by how good it was.
     Served on a nice soft roll that seemed a bit pretzel-like.
     I've eaten at Rosamunde countless times and I have to say, this sausage blows theirs out of the park.
     Seems like maybe they've addressed the "okra slime" issue for the pickled veggie side because I saw no okra and no slime.
     Quantity: B+ the sausage was decently sized but still for the price.
     B+- side of cheddar grits ($6) Quality: A+ hi I love butter cream and cheese.
     yummmmmm Quantity: B.
     come on.
     it's grits.
     you could give us more than 1.
    25 cups for $6.
    I've been here three times.
     Loved it the first two, really disliked it the last.
      They've changed the menu: they used to have a great salad ("visions of spring") which still shows up on their online menu but was no longer on offer last Saturday.
      The salad I had (which was basically the only option) called the "green machine" was a salty, gloppy mess.
      And worst of all, they "ran out" of the soft pretzels, which was 90 percent of our reason for being there.
     At 8 p.
    m.
     on a Saturday night - really??? Our less than helpful server offered us nothing as substitute (some of the potato chips that came with the dinner the people next to us had would have been good to satisfy the salty craving, but we didn't know about them).
      And our platter of three different salumi only had two.
      I guess they "ran out" of the third variety.
      Finally, our "medium rare" ribeye was raw: presumably they "ran out" of time to cook it properly.
    We love Hog's Apothecary- relaxed local vibe- great beer and cider selection - I LOVE the Graviva personally - their albeit more limited wine selection works even with their focus on draft and craft beer- food is sophisticated, interesting and the menu is always changing- service is always top notch - friendly and knowledgeable - they now have added brunch which is awesome :)- to date we have always been able to walk in and get seated - we make reservations about 50% of the time as it can get busy for dinner even early in the dining hour.
    The beer selection is great and fairly priced but the food selection is not.
     Well developed flavor with tragically pretentious ingredients.
     It is exactly what you should expect from a hipster joint in piedmont, $23 for a pork chop.
     The meatballs were the best thing on the table.
     Bring your horn rimmed glasses.
    Great beer.
     The staff is very knowledgeable and all I need to tell them is a type of beer I like and they find the perfect match for me.
      Love this place.
     I have not tried the food yet.
    I tried Hog's Apothecary for the second time.
      The food is very good but the service just horrible.
      I arrive famished on Sunday.
      Ordered the Clubber.
      Food arrived about 30 minutes later and the waitress once again quickly disappeared after dropping off the food.
       No apology or acknowledgment on the long time to deliver the food.
      No, "Can I get you anything else?"  No follow up with, "Is everything ok?"   Poof - gone.
      She delivered the wrong sandwich to me, though my partner's was correct.
      Horrible.
      It's such a shame since the food and beer is pretty good here, but not good enough to overshadow the down right poor, indifferent service.
      Sorry, not going back.
    When going to the restaurant of a friend for the first time, one prepares themselves to be polite, offering words of praise out of the sense of duty that comes with being friends.
      We caution ourselves not to be harsh or critical and generally keep any negatives quiet.
      After all, they are our friends and we'd expect the same.
    Thank goodness I don't have to keep the negatives to myself.
      as I couldn't find any.
      In fact, to say I was impressed would be an understatement.
    Brad and John have taken what once was a dilapidated laundromat with a seedy past and created a neighborhood gathering spot that is open, airy and inviting.
      I was at first slightly put off by the long tables and benches, as I generally prefer not to share my table with people I don't know, but I came to realize that it promotes conversation between strangers and contributes to the neighborhood feel.
      While the dining area is not huge, the high ceiling with exposed beams and open air skylight make it feel much larger.
      "Hog's" boasts more taps than I could get through in a week.
      They have beers on tap to appeal to any beer drinker.
      They also cycle beers in and out to keep the selections new and inviting.
      Now.
     on to the food itself.
      We started out with the warm pretzel for two with cheese sauce and mustard.
     ( One thing you must know before I go further.
      Nearly everything you eat is made in house.
      The mustard, the cheese, the sausage, the kraut.
      the exceptions being the buns and, if memory serves, the pretzel itself.
     )  The pretzel was hot and delicious.
      The house made mustard and cheese sauce were the perfect compliment.
      There's just no comparison between jar mustard and mustard made fresh that day.
      For my entree I ordered the schnitzel.
      It's really easy to overcook pork and make it dry.
      Not the case here.
      The breading was light, the pork juicy and while I used my knife at first, I ended up using just my fork as it was so tender.
      The arugula and warm potato salad only served to enhance the succulent pork.
      My dining companions ordered the 'Basa' with kraut and the Devil Bird fried chicken.
      I was raised by a German mother who made ( and at 70 still makes ) her own kraut.
     As much as I cannot believe I am saying this, ( Sorry, Mom ) the kraut at Hog's is better.
      especially thrown on top of a juicy and savory sausage with just the right pop from the casing.
      ( Sorry, Mom ) The chicken was juicy and full of flavor, but it's the breading that really takes it over the top.
      It's hard to describe, but there's a slight sweetness to it that, to me, was reminiscent of that first bite of a churro or a Krispy Kreme that immediately makes you want another bite.
      It's difficult NOT to want to clean your plate.
    I do have one regret.
      Only one.
      I didn't try dessert.
      We all surveyed the dessert menu, but after a great beer and amazing food there was just no room.
    I know I am a friend and friends tend to be biased so I encourage you to read other reviews.
      Aside from the small contingent of nay-sayers you will find that the overall rating of 4/5 stars is well earned and well deserved.
      It's worth checking out.
    A little spendy for what you get, but everything we had was great and the atmosphere and service was wonderful.
    We've visited Hog's a few times now.
      Every single time, we've received amazing food and exceptional service.
      We've left with happy bellies and smiles on our faces.
    The food was great, as were the beers.
      Unfortunately, the service was slow.
      Our server was new, and not super attentive or knowledgeable about the menu.
      Hopefully she'll hit her stride.
    I guess my main issue with this place is that it is not what I expected.
      They bill themselves as an "American Beer Hall", which to me means:- A large craft beer selection (check)- A good, informal place to gather with friends (nope-though the potential is there)- Maybe some inexpensive pub style food.
      However, when you walk inside, you are greeted by a hostess and added to the list for a seat at one of their community tables or bar stools along the window counters.
      The food is VERY EXPENSIVE for what it is, and the staff projects a major restaurant vibe, but the atmosphere is that of a bar.
    I'm really not sure what is going on here but its not at all what I expected.
    For about a year I anticipated their opening and ended up there on the first night they were open to the public.
      I've been back a few times, and it only seems to have become more restaurant-y.
      One positive thing to say, the beer selection is excellent and the price is right for draft beers.
      That said, It's not easy to get in for just a few beers (especially for more than 1-3 people), so I have ended up passing it up when going out with friends even though I live 3 blocks away.
    I really hope that Hog's will make up its mind, are you an up-scale restaurant or are you a beer hall? Right now you are somewhere in-between and it just isn't working for my demographic at all.
    If you're looking for a spot with tons of (mostly) local beers on tap, this is a great spot to visit.
     Death and Taxes is my favorite beer they have.
     They also have a small selection of wines if beer isn't your thing.
     The Grilled Greens starter I had there was meh.
     It was way too salty for me.
     I wouldn't recommend it.
     However, I heard the corn dog is amazing, i will have to try it next time I'm there.
     The Devilbird (fried chicken on top of some spicy garbanzo beans with chili oil) OMG.
     So delicious and perfectly spicy.
     So buttermilky and crispy! I love the fried chicken there.
     It never disappoints.
     Service is great there, I've never had any issues with the staff whatsoever.
     They're always nice and prompt! Also: be prepared to get a little cozy with other patrons, the seating is picnic table style.
    Great beer selection, corn dog and hot dog were ok but made in house.
     pate, rillette were on point.
     would def come back for some beer and pate.
    Kinda shocking to read reviews about how snobby the wait staff was, I found the service to be very friendly and helpful.
     As for the food and beer - YUM.
     The food was so flavorful, with fresh herbs and the sauce on the pork chops was unbelievable.
     Loved it so much, we asked the waitress if we could have some bread so we could sop up every ounce, because yes, we are hogs.
     The kitchen specially prepared some toast for us so we could lick the plate clean.
     The beer selection was good, the menu described the brews well and I was pleased with my selection.
     The interior is pretty cool, but can get loud.
     Looking forward to returning.
    If I could give this place more than 5 stars I would! There food and beer is fantastic! They have an industrial feel to them and sure its a hipster joint but that doesn't detract from the delicious food and beer!Recommendations: 1.
     Butchers coffer.
     Get all three, every time.
     Its worth it2.
     Lil Salty3.
     Any of their sausagesBeer: 1.
     The Butcher 2.
     Tunnel VisionGreat Job guys.
    Only tried the beers here so I can't comment on food.
     There was a great variety of drinks and the bartender was so nice to let me try several until I found a beer I was satisfied with.
     Sucks that its so hard to find a seat here, it seems like they could better maximize their space.
     Also the lighting in here was so dark.
     But overall, another trendy restaurant to hang out with friends.
    I'm a little biased since it's right up my street, but Hog's is a pretty special place.
     The rotating taps, solid food, and ambiance are great.
     Tried their brunch for the first time yesterday and was pleasantly surprised.
     Had the pork belly/beef burger and apothecary benedict at our table and both were very tasty.
     They also were open to showing the football game our group wanted to watch.
     Overall, a solid four stars, and my go-to neighborhood bar.
     Much, much better reason to come to 40th Street than Homeroom.
    Hot damn.
      We came here for their soft opening, and we've been coming here regularly ever since.
      The food: fantastic, inventive, and there's always something new.
      It tends to be heavy fare (even the vegetable sides and salads, which will frequently have an egg or lardons), but it's always delicious.
      We've tried things from every section of their menu and have never been disappointed (well, I didn't like their collards, but I'm from Kentucky.
      The kale, on the other hand, is always amazing).
    The beer: excellent selection of mostly local breweries.
      They generally have good prices ($5-$6, though watch out for the expensive Rare Barrel offerings), as well as a nice balance of beer styles, ranging from pilsners to Belgian Quadrupels, and thankfully not too many IPAs.
    The service: we've had one or two servers who weren't on the ball, but the regular staff is fabulous, friendly, and knowledgeable about their beers.
      I love that the owners are typically around, pitching in.
      They're really friendly if you get the chance to talk to them.
    The cons?  It can get loud at times, but that shouldn't be an issue if you go earlier in the evening.
      But that's a pretty minor drawback when everything else is so good.
    Just.
     meh.
     Pros: Big beer selectionInteresting menuCool vibeDecent foodCons:HORRIBLE service (waited 2 hours)Overpriced for what you getLoudI wouldn't go back.
     It definitely wasn't worth the $90+ dollars my husband I spent on a few drinks, an appetizer, and one entree.
    I LOVE the food and the beer list at Hog's.
     The service has always been good to above average in terms of speed, attentiveness and product knowledge.
     The house made sausages are great, the schnitzel great, the fried chicken so plump and juicy.
     The beer list has many styles from many great big and small California craft breweries.
     I would say there beer list rivals any beer hall in Oakland including the Good Hop, Beer Rev and Cato's.
     HOWEVER, they were spendy, $14 for a bratwurst, when I first started going there 1 year ago and now they are $17.
     They are served with  some homemade chips and a small pile of pickled veggies.
     Hog's like everything else in "up and coming" Oakland is darned expensive for modest portions.
     Beers have gone up $2/pint as well.
      I get they have high rent, need to pay employees a living wage and nothing is getting cheaper but my sense is these trendy dining houses are going for it because their clientele will pay whatever they try to charge at a cool place.
     I'll miss you, Hogs, but $17 bucks for a fancy hot dog and $7.
    50 for a pint of IPA isn't a good value.
     4 stars for beer and food, 4 stars for service and atmosphere, 2 stars for value.
     Average 3 stars.
    Hip neighborhood joint, with the usual trendy, expensive spin.
     I did enjoy the food, (yum!), and the beer, (good beer menu selection).
     I'd give the place 4 stars, but the value is lacking.
     $23.
    47 for a beer ($5.
    50), a side of bacon ($6?!) and a Brussel Sprout salad with bacon bits &amp; one egg ($10?!).
     It's too expensive to make it a regular stop.
    My friends and I had a good time.
     I'd go back.
    Awesome if you like beer, which we do.
     Also, beer + meat = amazing.
     Get the meatballs.
     Nice atmosphere, a beer hall, kinda romantical, actually.
     Bummer? The service.
     Awkward, lackluster.
      Although the server didn't really eat meat, they also didn't seem interested in the food or beer.
     No recommendations or knowledge about either.
     Which is fine - I believe I was far more excited, and we can both ride that wave.
     Also, the hostess was strange.
     If I worked there I'd own it  - its easy to make service industry customers who came to get drunk and spend money happy.
      At least at my job it is.
     This place has so much potential - can you imagine if the service was at the very least  - engaging? It has a casual vibe, but once you see the prices you'll be looking for some engagement, I promise you.
     Some other random cute staff would come by and be nice and fill water and I was grateful.
     The beer float is small, but very good.
    super excited about this addition to the 40th/broadway area.
     the service, the foods, the beer selection(!), the ambiance, the space, everything gets an A+!we got sat along the bar that is built around the perimeter of the pub, facing out onto 40th, and we had no complaints.
     our server was so on top of it, it actually took me by surprise.
     I'm just not used to someone checking in every 10 minutes, but this is what we experienced.
     we were not of want of anything.
     from water to new beers, she was there to make sure we had what we needed.
     and the place was packed.
     other highlights - the house made pretzels.
     GET ONE.
     the music was perfect, not too loud, but just loud enough that I picked up on one of my fave bands of all time - pavement, then some sonic youth, plus some other 90's-ish indie rock that I was definitely digging.
     parking as others have mentioned is a breeze.
     and it's also just a block or two down from the local record shop (1,2,3,4 go records), the cool mens shop - Pine &amp; Elder, etc.
     so you can get your shop on beforehand if you so choose.
     finally, I just need to add that I was more than just a little excited about their beer offerings.
     and I'm not even a huge beer drinker.
     the two that I tried - a dark chocolatey number  (coffee &amp; cigarettes by CellarMaker) and a local herbal beer that came recommended (a style I never even knew existed but one that I'm kinda dying to sample again!) completely blew me away.
     this is the stuff I expect from a beer institution like Trappist but not from the new neighborhood pub.
     yet, hog's is the spot I have a hankering to return to.
     asap.
     stop by before there's a line out the door.
     it's only a matter of time!.
    It was really tasty! I was very impressed with the beer selection.
     If I wasn't the one that drove I swear I would have tried at least 5 on the list.
     My friend and I split two of the sausage sandwiches and both were very good.
     The atmosphere is very hipster.
     They have a shuffleboard in the back.
     The seating is bench style where you'll be seated at a long table, possibly next to really obnoxious people that you have to just try to ignore and talk over and try not to look at and throw death stares over.
     (If I had that 5th beer I'm sure I would have become best friends with them.
    ).
    We feel happy to report we live only ten minutes away and can return repeatedly with no effort.
     A creative menu with fabulous execution, we have enjoyed everything we have ordered.
      The salads and starters are great.
     We loved their version of a Caesar salad.
     The sausages are fabulous with homemade chips and slaw, yummy.
     Their skirt steak and pork chops are incredible.
      Let's not forget a large on tap beer menu.
       Marvelous find.
    First met Tim as he was sourcing his ingredients from local farmers markets, a year ago.
      I still see him there today.
         Tonight was my first night to visit and eat, and I was not disappointed.
      I tried two starters, a salad and two of the sausage sandwiches.
      I could go on and on to say how the asparagus was cooked perfectly, the sausages burst with complex but not overwhelming flavors, and lard fried chips were crisp and light.
       But I won't, and just say that they have a large array of detailed local beers, and they craft their food with thought, care and precision from farm to fork.
        Yum!.
    Yummy breakfast food and great atmosphere.
      We called ahead of time to see if the back area was open so we could bring our dogs.
      They said yes, but when we got there it was already full.
      We sat in the front with our dogs instead and had a great time.
      They brought out a little bowl of water for them and were unbothered when my dog sniffed her shoe and leg!  I got the waffle with 2 eggs and bacon and thought it was just perfect.
      Go for a relaxed nice breakfast -- can bring your pups!.
    This place seemed like a cool little spot, in a great area too, but I will never return.
     First, the service was terrible! There was only 4 of us, but they acted as though we were a large party.
     Trying to ask for something as simple as a fork was like pulling teeth.
     Once we were finally seated, two of us ordered a coffee drink off the menu, called a Black and White: espresso with vanilla ice cream.
     After asking about coffee drinks multiple times, they were finally brought out as we were finishing our food.
     They were made with really old vanilla ice cream so neither of us could even finish them.
     As far as my food: my eggs were funny (even though I ordered scrambled) and I ended up only eating the potatoes off my plate.
     I'm only giving a star because that's the lowest I can give.
    Had to try the legendary oatmeal pancake here.
     Yes, it was huge when it arrived.
     Yes, it tasted SUPER healthy.
     It was like they made some hot oatmeal and then straight fried it.
     I mean, it wasn't bad.
     I finished mine without the blueberry sauce, but my family really didn't like the poor pancake, even with the blueberry sauce ):The other items we ordered were good, but nothing really stood out to us.
    Except for the restroom.
     I love the restroom.
     The sign above the toilet made me really happy I breakfasted here.
    What keeps me coming back you ask? The amazing customer service and how fast the food is served.
     LITERALLY!!I came for weekend brunch with a friend and found this wonderful find on Yelp! We walked in and noticed that the café spot was packed house! Luckily I went to the counter and asked how long the wait was and she assisted me upstairs where there was upstairs seating outside.
     I would have never known they had an outside back area but it's so cute and intimate! (I definitely recommend seating outside).
    Menus are already located on the table so by the time our server came I was ready to order.
     we ordered the:~Eggs A La Justin- Consisted of two medium eggs, avocado, tomato, English muffin and homemade hollandaise sauce $10~Two eggs-Consisted of any style with bacon, grilled potatoes and toast $9Once we ordered the food we literally waited less than 10minutes and we were being served.
     I swear I heard my friend say, "Damn, did the cooks hear our order from the kitchen? This food came out FAST!" haha.
    Everything tasted delicious and the food was VERY filling.
     I was feeling like a stuffed muffin leaving the restaurant! HA! I would definitely recommend this restaurant as a great weekend brunch.
     Its small and I am sure it gets busy very quickly so might want to call in to see how long the wait is but however long it is.
    its truly worth it!ENJOY!.
    I work fairly close and thought I would give them a try BC some of my coworkers like their food.
     Ehh not the best, had eggs Benedict.
     Eggs were over cook as was the hollandaise sauce.
     Clumpy, cold on the side in a little container thankfully BC it was completely inedible.
     This would not have been a huge issue for me if there was a large amount of people waiting.
     But there was not, I went in during a really slow time.
     Sad.
     Don't much feel like going back to pay $10 for inedible ,  over cooked cold food.
    My official go to brunch place! Don't let the small space and old decor fool you.
     They do brunch here fast, simple, and most importantly, delicious! I ordered a Blackstone Benedict which came with thick and crispy bacon, a slice of tomato, and of course a perfectly poached egg and a light hollandaise sauce.
     My dish also came with a side of the house potatoes that just needed some hot sauce and ketchup.
     The food came out so fast and I know it was fresh.
     Prices are great too! My dish cost $10 and the service was good too.
     Very nice and attentive servers.
     They had some specials on the board such as Spud-o-Rama which I wish to try next time! Gotta try this little gem!.
    Boyfriend and I decided to grab breakfast before a full day of activities.
      We wanted a place that wasn't too formal, or too quick (like a coffee shop or a cafe where you order at the counter), but small, not to crowded, homey and easy going.
     This was exactly what we were looking for.
    The restaurant is very warm and bright with a lot of sunshine to fill the room.
      Though it is small, there were a couple tables open for us to sit at (we came on a Sunday around 9 am).
     They have an extensive breakfast and lunch menu.
      The items weren't over the top, but simple and delicious sounding.
      It took Boyfriend and I a bit of time to figure out what we wanted.
      I decided to get the Wayne's breakfast and Boyfriend got the avocado omelette.
     We started with coffee that was rich and warm.
      Our food came out so quickly, we were surprised.
      Our breakfast was absolutely ideal -- great portions and relatively healthy (as in they don't pour mounds of oil and sauce on the food).
      My oatmeal wheat pancakes came with blueberry sauce that was delicious.
      My sunny side up eggs were also cook perfectly with a thin film over the top of the eggs.
     The bacon was really juicy and crispy (if you flicked it, it was stiff not floppy).
     Boyfriends eggs were fluffy and I think they gave him at least half an avocado or more!We were so impressed by this breakfast joint that it will be THE place to go to for breakfast for us.
      The service was very friendly and our food came out very quick.
      PLUS everything was pretty inexpensive.
      It doesn't get better than this.
     What a gem :)Ambiance: 5/5Food: 4.
    5/5Service: 5/5Overall Experience: 5/5.
    I used to come here and really enjoy the food, not today.
      My husband asked for eggs over hard and it was over easy.
      Our server's give-a-shit meter was really low.
      My coffee was never refilled and our mugs looked disgusting.
     The Eggs Jacqueline, which was my standby, was watery.
      I was excited to return, but this is the last time I'll eat here.
      You really need to re-examine what you're doing.
      I really liked this place two years ago and something went horribly wrong in the two years since.
    Wow! Best brunch I've had in a long time! Service was prompt and attentive.
     The best mocha and salsa I've ever had (random bests I know)! Eggs Florintine was superb! A little noisy, but it's a small place so that's to be expected.
     Not great for big groups unless you come early and get the big middle table or else be prepared to wait.
     Other than that, highly recommend!.
    I hate to say it.
     but I was a little disappointed.
     Oh my gosh.
     I don't want to say that because all the reviews and pictures looked so good.
     And I was really excited to find a new place to have breakfast/brunch.
     We got there on a Saturday around 11ish.
     We were able to sit down right away, which was surprising.
     But we definitely came at the right time because right after we sat down, a whole bunch of people started showing up.
     A lot of the menu items looked really good.
     But I am a huge fan of Eggs Florentine.
     So that is what I ordered.
     I asked to add ham and with my English muffin on the side.
     And a cappuccino.
     My boyfriend ordered the Italian omelet.
     And a coffee.
     When our food came out, it smelled great.
     My boyfriends omelet looked good.
     But he said later on that there was more meat than there was eggs in his omelet.
     My plate was covered in vegetable juice, which made everything (including my potatoes and English muffin) soggy.
     My eggs were cooked perfectly.
     But I could not get over how wet my plate was.
     The potatoes were okay.
     They were cooked perfectly but they were a bit bland.
     I really wanted to like this place.
     But I was let down.
     I wanna give it a second chance.
     And I probably will.
     But I won't be ordering the same thing again.
     Definitely gonna try the pancakes and waffles.
     It looked great when other people ordered it.
    Great service! We sat be the window in a booth.
      Very chill atmosphere for brunch.
     I had the benedict here and it was quite tasty with the egg yolk nice and runny.
     Good portions.
    Really nice and quiet Cafe, with a patio! The patio is ONLY opened on the Weekends and Holidays.
     Waiters are very timely and the food comes in less than 10mins, no joke! The pictures don't do justice: the food looks really good, but the flavor isn't there at all! My grilled chicken and avocado was flavorless as well as my potatoes! I do recommend trying this place out, but you're going to have to add some hot sauce onto your dish!.
    Came here this morning for brunch and there was no wait! We had to sit on the upstairs outdoor patio area which wasn't too bad because today was warmer than it has been this week.
     I hope I can come back sometime in the summer and sit outdoors again! We ordered the eggs benedict and the eggs lox.
     As some of the other reviews mentioned, service is super quick! I would say within ten minutes of us ordering, or food was in front of us! My eggs lox was delicious but there was a little bit talk much hollandaise sauce so my potatoes were a bit on the soggy side.
     Nevertheless, I enjoyed my meal and definitely want to come back and try the other menu items!.
    Service is Awesome , come early .
     Got a half an half of buttermilk pancakes and cinnamon French  toast.
     With warm blueberry sauce .
     Dip it in and savior the sweetest pancakes.
      Full breakfast with all the fittings from lite fair to a full breakfast that can feed 2.
      It's all fresh .
    MUST GO TO! Great service, homemade food, and welcoming environment.
     Really cute family owned business.
     Specials run around $11.
    Omg little hidden gem in Oakland! Good is yummy me service is FAST! Also the coffee is out of this world hahahaha.
    Charming cafe with outdoor seating located along Grand Avenue.
     I like coming here for their benedicts, and haven't really tried anything else.
     Love how they make the toast crunchy, as most places usually has it soggy by the time it comes out.
     Fast and attentive service.
     Eggs Blackstone is amaaaazing!.
    Ordered to go on a Friday morning, the cashier said it'd be ready in 5 minutes.
     Okay, no problem, they weren't lying about that.
     I get there, pay for the food, and take it home (1 exit away).
     The food was on paper plates with foil on top, what the heck?!? At the very least, have some containers or carry-out boxes.
     That's not the end of it.
     The food was horrible, it was very bland.
               We ordered the Eggs Escapade and Lu's breakfast: bacon looked like jerky, very dry.
     The eggs had no flavor.
     The french toast was soggy.
     The Eggs Escapade had no flavor at all: the tomatoes overpowered everything, so it was very sour.
     I couldn't even get a taste of avocados and it had a bunch of avocados (that's a plus).
     Casino breakfast buffets are even better.
    The outside looks pretty old and doesn't look open.
     but it is! I'm a huge breakfast/brunch person, and this place definitely hit the spot! There were a lot to choose from and the food was made really fast (but I went in a little after it was opened).
     I seriously recommend the french toast for all the carb + sweet lovers out there.
    First time going and not wowed but will give it another go.
    Salmon Omelette - Meh they should add more flavors to it its just eggs and salmon and the salmon was cold.
    French Toast - very goodEggs Benedict - meh no flavorTruth be told the French Toast saved them and will come back for more.
    Great place for brunch! Docking one star because of the noise level.
     If you're into jamming to clanking dishes in a small space since the kitchen isn't enclosed, then it might not bother you.
     Food was average but still delicious.
     I'll add this to my list of yummy weekend spots.
    Easy enough to walk in and get a table for two later in the weekday morning or afternoon.
     I usually get the Eggs a la Justin and it never disappoints.
     The breakfast potatoes are good and are served with sour cream.
     Food comes out fast and hot and prices are cheap for good portions.
     Parking in the area sucks though so be prepared to trek that hill if you're like me and refuse to pay for parking.
    Very nice little cafe near Lake Merritt.
     Service was fast and friendly.
    I was there slightly after typical breakfast rush on a weekday so it was really chill there.
    I had the open face omelette which has lots of veggies.
     It was lightly spiced so I added a few pinches of salt and it was great.
     They had several daily specials on the board.
    The atmosphere was nice.
     I will definitely return.
    I came in the early afternoon about 1pm.
     I ordered an omelet and I was extremely disappointed my toast was stale.
     My potatoes were stale and dry as well.
     Usually it's really good but I guess it's only good when the food is fresh in the early morning .
     Also the guy who took my card rushed me so that made it even worse.
    Looking for brunch one morning with friends and stumbled upon this place.
     I love a good diner style breakfast and this place did not disappoint! I tried the veggie omelet with added avocado and egg white and of course potatoes and it was all delicious! The wait staff was very attentive and our coffee cups were frequently refilled.
     They have quite a menu and look forward to trying different things each time!.
    I was wary to write a review of this place, mostly because I don't want to contend with a crowd every time I'm hankering for French toast.
     That said, I went around 11 this morning and felt like I could take a deep breath in a city that's often crowded to the brim.
     The service was prompt, the menu was refreshingly no-frills, and the food was absolutely delicious.
     Portions were generous.
     I would recommend the blueberry sauce they offer as an alternative to maple syrup -- whole blueberries still inside, and less saccharine than its traditional counterpart.
    Will totally be back, especially with family from out of town who love to grab breakfast out.
    Love Love LOVE the outside patio in the back.
     So beautiful!! Although FYI there have been two occasions that spiders have FALLEN on my friends' laps.
     Not the restaurant's fault but just a precaution!! I come here quite often for the eggs benny and the last few times I've been disappointed.
     Not sure if they changed their hollandaise recipe or what.
     Bring it back please!!.
    I didn't want the overly hipster brunch at Grand Lake Kitchen.
     I felt more in the mood for your standard eggs, bacon, etc.
     This was a great choice and I was happy with my order whole wheat oatmeal pancakes with a side of eggs and bacon -yum!Service was great, they even let us take our coffee to go.
     I like that it's a little family owned place.
     Apparently there is also a patio upstairs, will definitely sit there next time I come back.
    Cute little gem on Grand if you don't want to deal with long waits and hipster menu stuff.
     Only thing is their to go coffee cups were styrofoam and that's not very good for the environment.
    I love their breakfast.
     they are really fast and have everything you could want for a traditional big American breakfast, including the diner feel, or the outdoor back patio (also a tiny bit divey) if that's what you are looking for.
    A good neighborhood jem.
    Came in during the week for an early breakfast.
      Super easy metered parking right outside on a Tuesday AM.
      Always wanted to try Lynn &amp; Lu's.
    Pretty old place with a lot of character.
      Kind of dumpy.
      Pretty small place too.
      Has the look of a place that's an institution in the town.
      Two outdoor tables on the sidewalk.
      Eggs, bacon and OJ were fine.
      Didn't care for the oatmeal pancake.
      Not sweet enough for a diner raised on sweet waffles.
      Everything else on the menu looked great.
      Specials on the board too.
      Good service.
      I'll be back.
    Small and quaint atmosphere.
     The employees were happy and easy to talk to.
     I arrived with less than half my group of 5 yet they were understanding and helpful.
     I ordered the special, French Toast with blueberry sauce.
     Yummy!Regarding the check, they allowed us to each pay individually with cash and 2 cards.
     Very reasonable price for delicious meal.
    The pancakes are so fluffy and delicious! The staff is always sweet and friendly.
     One of my favorite spots.
    Nice place, Very friendly, prompt, attentive service.
     Had egg white name, green pepper, cheese omelet and grilled potatoes.
     A little weak on the ham, but otherwise good.
     A nice hole in the wall type place.
     Worth checking out.
    great little diner in oakland.
      food has flavor.
      I was most impressed how well cooked the potatoes were.
      wow, cooked to perfection.
      I had the open face egg escapade.
      delicious.
       ? is would I return?  yes of course.
      great waitress to, great customer service and food came out in a timely fashion.
    I gotta say.
     The rating on this spot were wrong.
     This cute little location is the perfect spot for a nice one to one brunch! The staff is super friendly, quick service, and great food for sure!We showed up around 10:30 and saw there was a group of people outside.
     You go inside to sign up and they give you a number - which I love since there's no real confusion.
     We waited about 5 minutes even though we were fifth on the list.
     Sat down, got a really nice waitress and she took our orders quickly.
    We ordered the Eggs A La Justin, the Italian Frittata, and got some apple bread.
     The eggs a la justin were decently good (4/5) but for how cheap in cost they were, it totally put it on the 5/5 list for me.
     The Italian Frittata was also pretty good but the spotlight was on the apple bread!! Freshly cooked.
     Made it super warm and soft.
     So delicious! This is something everyone should get if they come down here.
    I'll definitely keep this place in mind if I ever feel like returning to a spot I already know for brunch.
    Great service, even better food, and a warm, casual atmosphere.
     I'm certainly coming back!.
    Chill atmosphere and really fast/friendly service.
     The food itself is nothing incredible, but it was good.
    I guess other people had a better experience than I did.
     But i was completely ignored from the minute I walked in.
     There were only 2 other tables, maybe I don't look rich enough or like I'm from Piedmont?? Well I work down the street and would have come here every day but definitely am never going back.
     The waitress (short asian girl with long hair) served everyone around me and checked on everyone multiple times, I wasn't even greeted until 10 minutes after I sat down! She even rushed past me apologizing to serve an older lady who came in 5 minutes after me.
     When my food finally came it was okay, but not anything special.
     Burger was overdone and chewy.
     Then waited another 10 minutes after getting the check to get change for a 20.
     Never got change or even a glance, and all i had besides the 20 was exact change and I had to leave to be somewhere, so I'm sorry but she did not get a tip.
     I always tip even with bad service and if I had had change I would have but I couldn't wait around any longer.
     Never coming here again, can't believe I was pushed aside for older wealthier looking patrons.
     I work for a shop that caters to people with money but we give our attention to everyone and do not judge based on looks.
    This place was solidly.
     Okay.
     We were in a rush and didn't want to give the bougie restraunt our money after a 30 minute wait.
     It was kind of cute, a little dated but kind of family run vibe.
     The food was just kind of bland and uninspired.
     I ordered the eggs escapade which boasts having a whole bunch of spices.
     I found none.
     The cheddar was mild.
     The potatoes were alright, not amazing.
     My toast came dry and I had to ask for butter.
     That being said, the service was REALLY fast and the food was relatively inexpensive.
     Until they charged me 3.
    50 for a cup of drip coffee!! And 2.
    50 for iced tea!.
    I come to this brunch spot frequently and I'm always amazed by their quick and friendly service.
     By quick, I really do mean that your food is ordered AND ready within 10 minutes! My fav dish is the Benedicts a La Justin with a side of bacon - u should order it if you love avocado and bacon as much as I do! oh and don't forget to request for an outdoor patio seating on a sunny day.
     :)Lynn and Lu's.
     I'll see you again soon!.
    ::Food::Been here twice so far and both times food was pretty good! I especially love their egg Benedict.
     ::The place::Their customer service was just okay.
     During my second visit, they forgot our drink order yet still charged us (they did take it out at the end though, after we asked them).
     The place itself looks really tiny from outside but they actually have more patio seats in the back, which I love.
     However, there still seems to always have a long long wait.
     and parking on Grand can be a pain.
    SERVICE IS FAST .
    friendly and the food is awesome.
    especially the pancakes with blueberry sauce.
    I love going here for breakfast.
     I don't know how they can always get the food to the table so incredibly fast.
     The food is delicious and the staff is extremely nice.
    Worst breakfast I've ever had.
    Eggs Jacqueline was swimming in water.
      Ummmm I didn't order spinach mushroom soup!  This was suppose to be poached eggs topped on spinach and mushroom with cheese.
      Literally, swimming in water.
    BF's dish: spinach mushroom omelette.
    Eggwhites were not even cooked thoroughly.
      Did they stick any random person in the kitchen to cook?  Very very disappointing.
      Let's not forget the toast that tasted like it was from yesterday's service.
    Overall restaurant environment - DIRTY!!! So if restaurant is dirty, that must mean the staff is DIRTY.
    gross!Would never eat here AGAIN!.
    Eggs benedict was to die for!  This place also has an intimate dining area in the upstairs backyard which was so lovely to sit and bask in the sun while eating.
    All in all the food was amazing.
     Friendly staff and great prices.
     I can't wait to return :-D.
    I ordered the lox Benedict and French toast.
     I was pretty disappointed to find that my eggs were both pretty raw when I cut into it.
     The eggs were extremely runny (not the way a poached egg should be).
      The potatoes were soggy as well :( The French toast wasn't fluffy but it was flat and dense tasting.
       Most likely never coming back again.
     I had better else where.
    There's a reason why they call Oakland The Town.
     the cutest parts of it have a small town feel to it that's just hard to find in SF.
     This place is a great example of it - it's in a bustling part of the city but it's all mom and pop charm, from the minimal decor to the amazingly friendly and enthusiastic servers.
     i was thrilled to see oatmeal pancakes on the menu, but alas - they're just not as fluffy and delicious as regular, unhealthy pancakes.
     A good way to get my sweet breakfast fix in without feeling too guilty, though! And I loved the blueberry sauce that came on top.
     Other than that, the best bet is to go with classic breakfast items here, like eggs and bacon and omelets.
     Nothing crazy, nothing fancy.
     just what I like when it comes to going out to breakfast! I'll definitely be back every time I visit friends in the area!.
    Maybe I came the wrong day.
     Everything was great but the ham in the Western omelette was horrible.
      The potatoes, eggs, coffee, service were all excellent just like the  previous Yelp reviews.
      But the ham was so thin and it tasted like it was of inferior quality.
      If it had not been for the ham, I would have given it 4 or 5 stars.
    Affordable breakfast entrees and hearty portions - I enjoyed the food here and will come back eventually.
      Service was mediocre but no real complaints.
      I ordered the Spudorama with cheese and my friend ordered the eggs Benedict; usually breakfast establishments do not give generous portions but this cafe does not adhere to that trend.
      Everything was good but there was something missing tastewise that would have made my entree undeniably delicious.
    What a nice little place! We went today and were not really expecting to get a seat right away - Labor Day rush.
     But all was good and we got a nice place outside on their patio.
     The wait staff was a bit stressed, but that was no wonder because the house was full.
     That said, service was fast and friendly.
     Food was good and portions were big.
     The bacon could have been a bit crispier, but that's really the only thing that was not 100% good.
     We paid under $30 for two with two breakfasts, a side of bacon and two drinks.
     All in all a nice experience and we will surely be back!.
    I cannot see why there are not more five star reviews here.
     From seating our group of six right away to quick service, to food so good we were all sharing off each other's plate to taste the awesome.
    I shall return!.
    I was craving for an Eggs Benedict and found this place on Yelp.
     I decided to try this place out one morning.
     The service was very fast.
     We got our food in less than 10 minutes it seemed like.
     The portions are huge, and my order was definitely delicious!After I put in my order I noticed the specials on the wall.
     Such a shame.
     The description of the specials looked really appetizing.
     Maybe next time! Otherwise, this is a cute restaurant just above Lake Merritt.
     Parking may be difficult during certain times in the day.
    Came here on a Friday morning with a few friends.
     We all had breakfast omelettes.
     I had the California (added bacon) and the oatmeal pancakes.
     Deliciousness!!! Service was excellent, doesn't look like much from the outside but it's a great little place to check out.
    One of my co-workers came up to me one Monday morning and told me she wanted to show me something.
     She is this cute older German woman and told me she took a picture of this place to show me because it was an excellent eat near where I live.
     She was right.
     I went for the first time this Saturday when my parents visited with the family dog.
     We were happy that there was outside seating so little Heidy could join us.
     Right away I could tell that this was a family run mom-and-pop sort of place that had an intimate and welcoming feel to it.
     My parents both tried the Eggs Jacqueline.
     It was a spin off of Eggs Benedict with fresh mushrooms, spinach, cheese, and their own homemade sauce.
     Of course I took a bite and it was amazing.
     It is apparent that they have fresh produce and make everything from scratch.
     I had the BLTAvo, which is a BLT with avocado.
     I asked for mine on sourdough because it came with wheat and I didn't really feel like wheat at the moment.
     It was great and fresh.
     All of the dishes came along with grilled red potatoes which were flavored with rosemary and served with plain yogurt.
     The service was prompt and attentive and the food came pretty quick.
     I will definitely return and try something new.
    Went here yesterday (Saturday) around brunch-time.
     Wasn't too busy, which was nice, so my cousin and I were able to get seated right away.
     But note that the place is kinda small, so your table might be pressed up against someone else's table - so hopefully that doesn't bother you.
     The staff was friendly, but were not always available when needed.
    The food was okay.
     Shared the Italian fritata omelette and one of the specials, a waffle with strawberrys, bananas, and blueberry syrup.
     While the food was good, I didn't think it was anything particularly unique.
     The waffles were very similar to what you'd get at other diners - not better or worse.
     The Italian fritata with sausage was fairly good, particularly the use of salsa, but despite that, it seemed to lack flavour.
    This cafe looks like a great place to have late breakfast, but after looking over the menu, I decided to get a burger instead.
     No regrets whatsoever.
     That burger was juicy, the bacon crispy.
     Thumbs up.
    I don't really know how this place got as many good reviews as it has.
     Maybe I visited on an off day, because the service was really bad.
    We arrived and were given a number? That's right, a number.
     This might not seem weird at first blush, but in a restaurant setting where a bunch of people are standing around waiting to be seated, this causes a lot of issues.
     This is probably why every other place takes people's names? The host would come out and call numbers out of order making many people think they had been skipped.
     They were of course filling tables based on the number of people in the party and so they had to skip numbers and come back to them.
     I never realized how good a system this is at the butcher's but how bad a system it turns out to be in a cafe setting.
     The host seated us at a table out front of the cafe.
     So, we got to listen to people frequently ask, "Did you skip x number?!" So, I wasn't the only one scratching my head.
     Beyond that, when the meal was finished, they took my credit card and I had to request they run it and give it back to me.
     The food was decent and came out quickly, but I think the poor service eclipsed anything the kitchen could have pulled off.
     I guess it is busy because it is only one dollar sign on yelp?I think the wait staff were not regulars? I saw one of them collide with a door she was trying to push rather than pull.
    It is rather ironic that I had the opposite of this same issue at La Farine on Fruitvale the other day.
     At that La Farine location I think they are in desperate need of a number taking system.
     Odd how that one decision plays out in my ratings.
    I ate here for the first (and only) time recently.
     Clearly, it's a beloved spot in the neighborhood--the place was steadily packed for Sunday breakfast.
     While waiting to be seated, my friend and I stood at the bottom of the staircase at the rear of the restaurant, rather than hover over seated diners in front.
     And then I saw it: the tub of hollandaise mix on a storage shelf.
     Any expectations I had of a great meal vanished on the spot.
     Even though I knew they don't make their hollandaise from scratch, I went ahead and ordered the eggs benedict.
     The eggs were poached nicely, and the potatoes were pretty good, but on the whole it was, as expected, unexceptional.
     And why wouldn't it be, with a flavorless, un-lemoned hollandaise sauce? My friend seemed happy with her meal, but the side salad it came with looked like your basic lettuce, carrots, and tomatoes.
     It would have been nice to see some quality mixed greens on the plate.
     Nevertheless, the servers are friendly and eager to please.
     They kept my friend's coffee cup and my water cup full.
     Also, I used the bathroom after the owner vacated it, and I could tell he had just washed his hands at the sink, so at least that practice is observed.
     Three stars, just barely.
    The waiter was really sweet and the cook was nice too.
     The French Toast is very average.
     Plain jane wheat slices, dipped , not soaked at all, in half scrambled egg and and cooked on griddle that was too hot.
     I don't think was cinnamon like the menu said.
      There were 8 pieces to make up for it though.
     My friend had 3/4 cup of potatoes and an egg and a sausage for $11 before tax and tip.
     Hmm.
     The potatoes  were crisp and yummy.
     It was empty that day because construction was going on street side.
     I wouldn't go back unless it was really last minute or really convenient.
     Three stars for average.
     Really nice people though.
    I came here the 2nd time because I remember my first time here was pretty gosh darn good.
      It's a simple brunch place.
    This cute little mom and pops kind of diner serves yummy food at reasonable price.
      The service has always been great and I've only sat at the booth right at the window.
    Here's what I've ordered:Cinnamon Rasin French ToastThis came with bacon and eggs!  Both were decent and I had asked for a side of blueberry sauce that is housemade.
      It was delicious!  The french toast i thought was generic but not bad.
    Eggs A La Justin BenedictThis is pretty much eggs benedict but with avocado!  This was absolutely delicious!!!  It came with a side of potatoes was yummy.
    I'd defintely come back here.
      I really enjoy a breakfast mom and pops kinda place :D.
    My very dearest Oakland friend had taken me to Lynn and Lu's Cafe a few weeks ago and today I had the opportunity to bring some guests there.
    We had previously eaten in their small but sunny pleasant outside cafe and we enjoyed pancakes and sausage.
      The coffee is superb!Today it was chilly and foggy but we were seated right away and the staff, as always, were very attentive to feed us coffee and juice right away.
    Today we ordered the Country Italian frittata and a daily special which included potatoes, pesto, sausage and cheese.
     Lynn and Lu's is definitely a great place for breakfast and thankfully walkable from any place around Lake Merritt.
      The people have managed a great place and they really know how to make you welcome.
    Okay, when you're working with customer service, you do not rudely say "what?" every single time you don't hear what a customer says.
     Talk about manners! Not to mention he didn't hear my sister order a piece of toast, instead of asking her twice, he went to his coworker and asked her to take care of us instead.
     Uhhhh these kids are lucky my mom left a tip! The waiter seemed unexperienced.
     He was very rude about taking our order as if it was a burden that we were there.
     If you're putting someone unexperienced on the floor, at least give them a proper training.
     I've been coming here for years and this is the second unpleasant experience I've had due to customer service.
     If I'm paying $9 for a plate of food I expect decent service.
    I ordered an eggs blackstone and a fresh orange juice.
     The "fresh orange juice" was clearly not "fresh".
     It tasted like Tropicana and looked like Tropicana.
     I wouldn't order it if I knew it wasn't fresh squeezed.
     The eggs blackstone was OK.
     My poached eggs were perfectly cooked but the hollandaise hardly had flavor.
     The biscuit was waaaay too buttery for my liking and I never thought I'd say it, but there was way too much bacon - it was overpowering.
     Overall, the dish was good, but it could've been more balanced out with flavors.
     I understand it's a mom and pops restaurant but the people here need to learn something about customer service before they lose more customers - especially the local regulars.
     At least smile upon greeting us! Gees louis! Three stars for the decent benedict and overall appearance/environment of the restaurant.
     But terrible service, I hope they improve.
    Wow.
     Yelps popularity has a down side, almost 500 people can be wrong.
     First off, drinks.
      The water.
     It tastes like burning, what ever window fluid that is shouldn't be consumed.
       I ordered a soda, which wasn't bad except I hate ordering a soft drink and there is no indication its a can until it arrives.
      Just note it on the menu so I can make an informed decision.
     FOOD -  yikes.
     My wife ordered the eggs benny with spinach and mushrooms.
     Forget what they label it.
     IT CAME IN A SOUP BOWL! There was so much liquid in the bottom it needed the bowl.
     I AM NOT referring to hollandaise sauce.
     There was some strange soupy liquid in the bowl? The mushrooms were terrible and the entire dish was utterly tasteless.
     The poached eggs were done well.
     Should also be noted the potatoes looked good.
     I ordered the "Lynn", to be fair it doesn't say Belgian waffle, and it isnt.
     Leggo my eggo is more like it.
     My over medium eggs were done well and Bacon was not terrible.
      Service-  weren't too busy so service was prompt.
     The young lady that took our order seemed very nice.
     Overall.
     I stick with the 1 star just a completely different story than the yelp average will lead to believe.
     Eat with caution; its not 4 star in my world and isn't even close.
    One of my friends and business partner turned me on to this place.
     I'm not sure I would have noticed it on my own.
     I love the unique vibe, very chill.
     The food is amazing! If you love breakfast foods this is your spot! Those potatoes with everything on them, pesto, tomatoes and all sorts of goodness! My mouth is watering now as I recall all the yummy flavors.
    So, it's been a while since I've been here and don't remember it being this good before? I'm pretty picky about restaurants becasue I was a waiter, bartender and know when the service is bad or the people are having a bad day.
     Neither happened today.
     We sat on the the patio out back, the staff was super nice, our food came our fast and It was delicious.
     This is going to be my new breakfast spot.
     You should def.
     Check it out.
     :)Jes.
    Ok.
    STAY AWAY!Talk about service.
     This place is the WORST.
     The waitresses have an attitude and one of them is still drunk! In a 20 minute period, they lost 8 customers including us.
    So they lost 8 plus 6 of us and they did not care!We even tried to explain to the manger and the snotty bastards blew us off.
     Dont care how good the food is.
    if your service sucks.
    STAY AWAY!.
    It's rare that I give 5 stars to anything, and I never give 5 stars to casual dining restaurants, but this one has broken the mold.
    For value, taste and speed of service this place is incredible.
     I was speedily seated and my order of Eggs Justin arrived in less than 5 minutes: hot, fresh and delicious.
      The Eggs Justin are two perfectly brown and crispy halves of an English muffin, topped with tomato, two thick, perfectly ripe halves of avocado, poached eggs and a delicious hollandaise.
      I have never had any version of eggs Benedict in which the English muffin was so perfectly crisped and brown.
      The poached eggs were PERFECTLY cooked, the beautiful yellow yolks breaking open to lap redolently over the creamy avocado goodness and buttery  crispness of the muffin.
      I defy any vegetarian to not fall immediately in love with this egg dish.
      The breakfast potatoes-- so often a  throw away in even the best restaurants-- were amazingly seasoned; I think I detected basil, rosemary and oregano.
      I did add some salt to my plate, but every one has a different palate when it comes to eggs: the salt just brought out the simple and delicious flavors.
      The coffee was actually pretty decent, too.
    The wife and I popped in on a Saturday morning, looking for a good ol' brunch place and we were intrigued by all the good reviews.
      We came around 11 and told it would be about a 25 minute wait.
      The place has a homey feel (but a little chaotic with people running around everywhere- not the quietest place) and a nice patio in the back that has additional seating.
    I ordered the Willy's omelette (chicken apple sausage, provolone cheese, green onions) and the wife got the eggs benedict with smoked salmon.
      My omelette was pretty tasty and a good value for the price.
      It also came with potatoes which were so-so and a couple slices of toast.
      We were a little disappointed with the eggs benedict.
      The hollandaise sauce was a little runny but overall, it wasn't bad.
    The service was friendly and pretty attentive and the prices were good for the amount of food we got.
      I've definitely had better breakfasts but this place wasn't bad.
    The fastest service, amazing brunch food and specials! The best omelette and homemade salsa in town!.
    This place is one of those classic "hurry up and buy" Chinese Restaurants Fast in,and fast out.
     I don't mind that type of service when it comes to my local Chinese joint, but not for breakfast.
    You're quickly seated and the food does come out pretty fast, but it lacks quality and flavor.
     If you're in a hurry and fine with food that's just average, then this is the place for you.
    I gave this place two stars; one for being fast, and the other for being edible.
    Prompt and friendly service.
     Delicious food and ample portions.
    Everything I look for in a great little breakfast or lunch joint.
    Love the California omelette.
     Lots of avocado.
     Mmmm.
    Solid, I've meant to go to Lynn and Lu's a few times but it's small.
      This particular weekend they had space inside!  Sweet, I and two former co-workers met up for brunch.
    We were seated promptly, get some water and shortly later the waiter came back for an order.
      We needed a few minutes, and they came back a few minutes later again and we placed our orders.
      Everyone got something with eggs, I got a veggie omlette with fruit on the side.
      The food is a decent value, the staff is prompt, and the food tastes good.
      Also, it's in Oakland a nice central location.
      What isn't to like?I suppose you could find fault with the older interior or that it gets really busy in here.
      Still, considering what is is I'd come back.
    This unassuming joint on the west side of Grand Ave just above the lake rocks the house and takes down the competition! I actually felt bad for the empty bakery breakfast option right next door.
    Everybody definitely got this place right---indeedy, cheap and delicious.
     Props to my fellow kinsman who can run such a great place.
    greasy spoon without the heaviness of cheap ingredients.
     $8 for a humongous breakfast that incl.
     3 egg omelette, toast, and grilled red potatoes--opted for Willi's cuz I'm a sucka for chick app sausage (many, many great breakfast options).
    I came today for a late-ish breakfast amidst a day of appts and errands, and was so satisfied with them.
     Didn't need to eat again for at least 7 hours.
     Turnaround time was great, and no need to wait! Love finding this cafe.
    diamond in the roughPS never availed myself of the back patio (for the slower pace) but I was on mission to complete the to-do list for the day (type A that I am); patios are great for al fresco and just automatically relaxes one to 'feel' the outside!.
    Came here for Breakfast on a Sunday morning around 9:30ish with four others.
     We were seated right away.
    Atmosphere: Cute and tiny.
     It's nothing really fancy, but I've heard it can get a little crowded around brunch time.
    Food: I was conflicted between sweet and savory.
     Luckily, my friend agreed that he would get the Eggs A La Justin and I would get the Pancakes with Blueberry Sauce and we would share.
     Probably the best idea since in the words of Hannah Montana, "you get the best of both worlds" (yeah, I just went there).
    If you are a fan of avocados, the Eggs A La Justin will be your calling.
     The use a FULL avocado with this eggs benedict.
     Overall, it was pretty damn delicious, but it is kind of heavy - I would not have been able to finish one order on my own.
     The pancakes were some of the best I've ever had - super fluffy and light.
     And the blueberry sauce was a nice sweet touch.
     So good man, so good.
     Everything is reasonably priced especially considering the delicious quality and quantity of their food.
    Service: Quick and friendly.
    I wish I knew of this place while I was living in Berkeley.
    Love this local spot!Round 1:It was during the weekend for brunch and boy was it packed! Lucky us, we got a table on the patio out back.
     A nice breeze, sunshine, and FAST SERVICE!The food is delicious too.
     I had the eggs lox and Jason E.
     had the spinach and mushroom omelette.
     Both are hefty portions with those home fried potatoes.
     DELICIOUS!The staff is really friendly too.
     They check up on you just enough.
    Round 2: Friday morning bright and early.
     We ate inside this time.
     It was quiet and mellow.
     The patio was not open, but no worries.
    Jason got the eggs lox this time and I had Lu's breakfast, the French toast.
     The raisin bread was good, but the execution of cooking the French toast was not so good.
     I really don't like it when the egg in the batter just looks like egg cooked onto the bread.
     It doesn't taste so nice.
     The bacon is super yummy (yes put syrup on it)! I wonder what should I order next time?Thanks Lynn &amp; Lu!Until next time, happy brunching!.
    Read as 3.
    51.
      Diane and I met here for brunch this morning.
      It's a sweet old school place w/ bench seats at tables in the windows on either side of the front door and tables and chairs on both sides of the room.
      There's a sign on the screen door stating that parties would not be seated until everyone was there, but the restaurant was mostly empty at 10:30 on a Friday morning and they invited me to take a seat.
      Diane joined me a few minutes later.
      We looked at the menus and there was a lot that was interesting.
      Diane ordered the Benedict w/ avocado.
      I forget what it was called but it was gorgeous, w/ what looked like a whole avocado divided between the two English muffins.
      She requested the hollandaise on the side and didn't use it.
      She likes her eggs poached medium/hard and these were a little underdone for her taste, though they would have been a bit hard for mine.
      She had coffee and said it was good.
      I had tea, Twinings, which was served w/ a small pot of water in addition to the water in the cup.
      I ordered Lynn's Breakfast, which was a waffle w/ two eggs any style and bacon.
      I was offered the choice of maple or blueberry syrup and opted for the former.
      Each component of my breakfast was good.
      The waffle was tasty, the eggs, which I had scrambled, were fresh and good and there were 4 pieces of bacon cooked nicely.
      It was basic, but it was good.
      Diane wasn't interested in returning, but I think I'll introduce Alan to it one of these days and see what he thinks.
      Prices were very reasonable.
    They've really upped their game recently.
     It's cool to see a good restaurant get better.
     I ordered the Lu's Breakfast (cinnamon french toast,  blueberry sauce, two eggs, four strips of perfectly crispy bacon) and was much impressed.
      Just the right amount of yumminess without being greasy like in the past.
     Service is very attentive, my coffee never went empty.
     They must be brewing better coffee too, because this was not diner coffee, it was good stuff.
     The addition of the back patio seating area keeps it from feeling overcrowded now too.
      Nothing more i could ask of this place.
     Five stars! I'll be back more frequently now.
    We also came here due to the high reviews.
      Food is just so-so.
      Some dishes were great, others were awful.
      I feel bad for giving them just 3 stars because the service was good and friendly.
      They're also a locally owned business.
    Wait time was about 15 minutes on a Saturday morning.
      It was chilly, so we waited in the back of the cafe.
    Here's the rundown on the meal:Coffee: very weak and smoky flavored.
      Seriously, they could easily do better.
      If they hired more help &amp; got an espresso machine, it would more than pay for itself.
      Hint, hint!  I did appreciate that they gave me a small pitcher of soy milk.
      Awesome!Orange Juice: sweet and freshly squeezed.
      Great job!Eggs Benedict: nicely cooked and topped with a delicious Hollandaise sauce.
      Potatoes were tender, a tad undersalted, but easily corrected with ketchup.
      They were cut into large chunks, not crispy on the outside.
    Oatmeal Pancakes: Unless you're a health food nut, stay away from these.
      And I LOVE oatmeal of all sorts.
      Like another reviewer mentioned, the texture is quite off putting.
      It's like eating the end of a whole wheat loaf of bread, but a bit thicker.
      Not quite as tough, but dense and slightly dry.
      There is a prominent "wheaty" flavor.
      Comes with a warm, watered down blueberry sauce.
      I like whole wheat bread, but I had a difficult time eating this.
    Side of bacon &amp; eggs: My scrambled eggs were perfect.
      The bacon (regular American style) was crispy, hot, and delicious.
      Bacon was one of the things they did exceptionally well.
    Prices are reasonable, not super cheap, but worth it if you're too lazy to cook breakfast at home.
      Not fancy food, just fresh regular food.
      The place is packed and loud.
      There is cool local art on the walls.
      A neat experience overall.
      Know that it's not gourmet food, order carefully (get the bacon!), and you won't be disappointed.
    This place wasn't bad.
     We would definitely go back, but I wouldn't do the Benedict again.
     The hollandaise was a too runny and not enough.
     We did get one pancake though to split and not having had a pancake in years.
     It was awesome! We will be coming back to try out some new items!.
    Great little hole in the wall! Had the runners breakfast and my boyfriend had Wayne's breakfast.
     Both came out fast and were delicious!  Coffee was pretty good as well.
     We will definitely make this a regular spot for breakfast!.
    An escapade it is! From undercooked eggs with deli meat and raw peppers omlettes to flavorless potatoes, this meal was meh with a side of sad.
     The cappuccino was unadventurous as well, however we experienced quite the escapade with someone else's drink as we watched the waitress take a sip as she carried it to prevent it from spilling.
     Ew.
     But I guess that's the name of the game when you come to Lyn and Lu's Escapade Cafe!.
    One of my favorite spots for brunch! Egg lox's is my fav.
     I do wish they served grits tho.
     Small mom and pop feel.
     Prices are cheap and the food comes out fast, they have 2 bench like tables near the window that I like to sit at facing grand.
     Owner is a very nice man, who takes pride in satisfying his customers.
    Super speedy service- if you are hungry come on overi love this place! after moving to oakland this was one of my happy discoveries.
     the place is reasonably priced, the service is top notch- quick and efficient, and the location is just above lake merritt where there are plenty of little boutique shops you can check out before or after.
    i recommend trying their specials.
     there are of course the brunch staples but i like coming in and checking out what's new.
     if nothing new strikes your fancy then have a classic eggs benedict.
     :)until next timecheers!.
    Love the patio upstair I came here last saturday!! Lovely breakfast I got the eggs lox and my friend got a eggs florentine!!! Dont forget to check out specials on the board! Will come back and try the huevo ranchero and whole wheat blueberry pancakes!! Service was okay I feel sorry for those servers they walking up and down the stairs like crazy!!! Nice little place def.
    go check it out guys!!.
    The staff was great!  Friendly courteous people.
      Several people came by to make sure water and coffee cups were always refilled.
      Smiles around.
     The menu had promise but the food was ok.
      The ingredients didn't quite go well together to create something flavorful.
      For example, the omelette had cheese, bell peppers, and mushrooms, which sounded like it would be good, and the portion was big, but it was a watery mess.
      There were way too many green peppers in that dish.
      I had the eggs florentine, and that was a watery mess too.
      The spinach and poached eggs were sitting on top of the water it was cooked in or leached out or whatever, but it was not appealing.
      Still, I'd come back if I want basic no fuss breakfasts.
    Nothing any different from a typical, ordinary breakfast-serving restaurant.
     No problem with being seated, the service, or the food.
     Someone below wrote, "Good, but not super amazing.
    " I concur, but will put it, "Not super amazing, but good.
    " :).
    Three of us went there based on yelp's 4 star review.
     We ordered vegetarian omlette and 2 French toast, beacon n eggs n potatoes.
     All of us were disappointed with the food.
     They were bland and tasteless.
     Two of us ended up going to another restaurant to eat again.
    Do you like quickies &amp; instant gratification?If you answer "yes".
     then come to Lynn &amp; Lu's because service here is fastforwarded:- there was no wait to be seated- coffee delivered within a minute of ordering- food arrived within 5 minutes- the check arrived a few minutes after the food arrivedSeriously, I highly dislike waiting and saved time &amp; money eating here than at other 4 star brunch places in SF.
     As for the food.
    Eggs benedict a la justine: 3.
    75 stars: simple &amp; clean tasting with perfectly poached eggs, a chunk of fresh avocado &amp; slice of tomato all on toasted English Muffin.
     Pancakes w/ homemade blueberry sauce: 3 stars: sweet &amp; with real blueberries in the sauce.
     The pancake was probably something you could make on your own, but the sauce was good and for the price (just under $5 or $6)- it was a steal.
    My boyfriend loves this place.
     Seriously--loves.
     Possibly loves this place more than me.
     He'll probably have a heart attack when he sees that I'm giving this place 4 stars instead of 5.
     But when it comes to breakfast food, I'm rarely blown out of my mind.
     Perhaps upon trying more dishes they will earn their last star--they've got potential, that's all I can say.
    But the more important point--ASIAN PEOPLE CAN MAKE BREAKFAST? WTF, MATE? Oh yes.
     Yes they can.
     Didn't know that until I went here.
     And from what it looks like, seems like they can bring in a non-Asian clientele.
     That's pretty impressive to me.
    So far we've ordered: a meat omelet (can't remember which), eggs benedict, potato escapade, and another special that had bacon, eggs, hollandaise, and tomatoes.
     By far the best is the potatoes escapade.
     who would have thunk that PESTO can go into breakfast? Seriously.
     Cheese + pesto on just about anything will make me go nuts.
     Their specials menu alone is worth coming back for.
     And coming back, yes I will.
     as long as I can keep the bf when we're done eating.
    I really enjoyed this mom and pop breakfast dig.
    Waffle looked like an Eggo but tasted bomb!  Thought I'd get 3 strips of bacon but got about a dozen.
      Legit.
    Service and food were stellar when a couple friends and I had breakfast here.
     I can't think of another way I would prefer spending a warm and sunny morning than from the back patio of Lynn &amp; Lu's enjoying some hot coffee and perfectly poached eggs.
    Pretty standard eggs &amp; bacon spot.
      Little pricey.
      I had the BLT on a bagel, which was pretty damn good.
    My fav is Lu's special.
     The French Toast is amazing.
     Bacon Bacon Bacon!!! When i'm feelings sinful on a saturday or Sunday you'll know because i'll be outside relaxing.
    I have had this place bookmarked forever.
     The hub and I set out this morning for brunch and finally came here for our first time.
    Time: Saturday at 10AM.
    Location: Off Grand, easy to find and parking can be difficult especially on the weekends.
    Place: It looked small and dark when I first walked in.
     It was very busy inside.
     We were asked if we wanted to sit out on the patio which we decided to do since it was a nice day.
     Lots of seating on the patio in the back.
     I would opt for the patio seating since the dining room looked jam packed with people.
    Menu/Food: Lots to choose from they have their regular weekly breakfast options and their weekend brunch menu.
     I ordered the Willi omelet which was 3 eggs with chicken apple sausage, green onion and cheese.
     I asked for egg whites.
     Their breakfast/brunch plates all come with grilled red potatoes and your choice of toast.
     I subbed my toast for the apple coffee cake which was $1.
    00 extra, well worth it.
     The Hub ordered the frittata which is their open face omelet that takes up the whole plate with tomatoes, mushrooms, cheese and green bell peppers.
      The food was good, the portions were large, the ingredients were fresh and the only waited 10 minutes we were very surprised how fast it came out.
     We both agreed that the potatoes were a little on the bland side it could use a little more spice.
     We used some hot sauce and ketchup to help give them some flavor.
    Price: Most of the menu is around $8.
    00-$10.
    00.
     Our tab was $18.
    05 with two meals, extra charge for egg whites and coffee cake.
     Not bad at all and worth coming back to.
    Service: The waitresses were great very attentive with refilling our waters and asking if we needed anything through out the meal.
     We didn't feel rushed and they wait until you are finished before putting down the check.
     I hate receiving the check with the food.
    Lynn and Lu's Cafe is a really small cafe hidden near lake Merritt.
     This is what you call a hole in the wall.
     Once you walk in, there is a little tiny eating area with maybe 10 tables.
     However, they have a "patio" area located in the back of their store that you can sit at with maybe 15-20 more tables.
     The chairs and table outside are really ghetto rigged.
     The table top are two pieces of wood put together, so when you push down a little, 1/2 the table rises up.
     The chairs are the white plastic ones which really clean or anything.
     The service here is one of the best i have EVER had.
     They are SO fast and prompt.
     They are always ready to get anything you need.
     The food comes out almost instantaneously, but not fast to the point where its like fast food.
     In the patio they have their own mini kitchen in the back with drinks and utensils which makes it easier for them when you need something, versus them having to run back inside to get it.
     My dish that i ordered was honestly REALLY good.
     I had the Eggs Benedict with a side order of pancakes which i shared.
     Both were VERY good.
     The pancakes had a crunchy layer on the outside which made it taste even better.
     The eggs Benedict was absolutely exquisite.
     The flavor, the sauce, the English muffin, everything was just so fresh and tasted so great.
     Other orders on the table apparently wasn't so great.
     I tried some of my cousins dishes, and they didn't taste as great as the Egg Benedict, which was by the way only 8.
    95! (rough estimate, i forgot).
     They don't have hashbrowns here, however they have their house potatoes, which were pretty good, but could have used some improvements.
     I felt like they could have had a more crunchy outside moist inside.
     The potatoes were almost like mashed potatoes, very mushy.
     The price here is really cheap.
     Almost all the dishes were under 9 or 10 bucks.
     No where have i been has Eggs Benedict for under 9 bucks.
     Appearance 2.
    0Service 5.
    0Food 4.
    0Price 4.
    0(Out of 5).
    Good but not super amazing.
     It's a very quaint place, food comes out right away.
     I had the spuds orama with Italian sausage and that was good.
     Sister had Lynn's breakfast and it was ok.
     If you're a foodie, you won't really be impressed but if you're looking for just a cute and quaint brunch place - this is it.
    I like this place.
      It's good, it's cheap, it's quick, service is prompt and nice.
      Nothing too complicated or over the top.
      The 3-egg omelet with Avocado and cheese is my favorite.
      Perhaps because I get here before 10 AM, there's never a wait for a table, another reason I like Lynn &amp; LuLu's.
     (That's what I call it!) $21.
    00 without tip for 2 people with coffee.
      The eggs are probably not organic! It's kind of a greasy spoon, except the food isn't too greasy and they don't do things like pre-butter your bread.
     You can be somewhat healthy here if you must.
     The coffee isn't that strong, but there's lots of it, poured for you by a sweet young hardworking Asian girl.
      I find the disparaging remarks about this being a Chinese owned business offensive and possibly incorrect.
      Not sure, don't care, just get me my food!  The seating is very cramped and sometimes you have to sit really close, if not right next to a party at a 2-top beside you, beside some other party, who might consist of a little boy in a booster seat and his Mom.
      The last morning I was there 2 people were on a blind date on our left.
     They didn't seem to hit it off.
     The art is very strange in here, it makes me giggle, and the decor could use an update.
     New wallpaper wouldn't be a bad place to start.
     They could also stand to replace the screen door and clean the windows in front.
      Seriously, the front door is painted wood, and it looks like the Dickens.
      It would make someone more OCD than me want to slather Purell on their hands.
     I could seriously bump this place up to 4-stars but I don't want to mislead people about our humble neighborhood cafe.
      Props to Frankie for taking me here for the first time 4 years ago.
     It's like the Pete's Egg Nest (of Seattle) in Oakland.
    Went here for brunch with a friend recently and was pleasantly surprised.
     It was a beautiful day out in Oakland, so we decided to sit outside on their back patio.
     I really liked it out there and it was a very quaint atmosphere.
     Service, price, and ambiance definitely 4 stars.
     Food was about 3.
    5 for me.
     I ordered the Eggs a la Justin (that's my partner's name so I felt extra inclined haha) and I really liked that it came with a good size portion of avocado.
     However, the hollandaise sauce was watery compared to other times I've had a benedict.
     My friend ordered the Italian Fritatta and it was huge! She could only eat half before she threw in the towel.
     I had a bite and the egg was good, but the veggies seemed a little greasy.
     Overall, a really good experience and with huge portions for the price, I'll definitely be back next time in the Lake Merritt area!.
    Tripping down memory lane @ Oakland's Lakeshore District, we found this spot.
     Great, friendly service, the food was EXACTLY what I wanted to eat! The space is cramped but cool.
     The beer selection is right on.
     Superb!.
    LOVElovelovelovellove their food but not very handicap friendly.
     I was a regular here when I lived in the area and will drive out and deal with Grand Ave parking to eat here.
     So, yeah.
     Its worth it.
     Service is great and the food is outstanding.
    This place is a great hole in the wall, breakfast and brunch spot.
     Perfect for when you want a delicious and hearty hangover brunch, but don't want to wait or pay to dine at a trendy East Bay spot.
     I've never had to wait in line to eat here, which is always refreshing.
     The food is home-style cooking for sure and the atmosphere is super casual.
     I always order the same thing- Eggs Benedict a la Justin- I can't bring myself to branch out and order anything else because it's always so satisfying.
     This place is easy on the wallet, which is always a plus.
     My one critique would be their potatoes.
     Not flavorful enough.
     Def need a good deal of hot sauce and ketchup to make up for the void of flavor.
    Took the girlfriend to an early morning breakfast for the July 4th holiday.
     We were the first people to enter and had choice of seating but couldn't seat in the window side booth reserved for 3 or more.
     uh, the place is empty but ok.
     expecting a big rush I get it.
     The service was lackluster and barely acknowledged.
     It shouldn't have happened considering we were the only ones in the place.
     The coffee? Gross, tasted burnt and bitter.
     Ordered the Eggs a la Justin.
     Beautiful poached eggs with a mediocre hollandaise sauces.
     Served with potatoes which were cold and lacked flavor.
     Over all the experience wasn't  all that.
     there are many breakfast places nearby that I would gladly pick over this place again.
    WHY DO PEOPLE LOVE THIS PLACE?  I am so confused.
    The dishes were overpriced, and not that good.
      I had the famous Huevos and was like, wtf?  I thought this was supposed to blow my mind (mind was blown with CONFUSION)Service was abysmal.
    My really nice/kind boyfriend agreed, and he hardly has anything bad to say about anyone/anything.
      We came here due to the high reviews, but will not be coming back.
    Principally, the staff and the shape / decor of this (literal) hole in the wall make me almost a total fan.
      On a block with the recent appearance of corky-fakey restaurant bars, Lynne and Lu's luncheonette is 1.
     unpretentious 2.
     adorable, and the food is decent tasting and cheap 3.
     It's staffed by a l-o-v-e-l-y possibly Father-Daughter team, and two extremely personable cooks (who are visible over the counter).
    It looks a little like a (yes, slightly run down) dollhouse room-- enlarged! The waitress and owner are simply so sweet, they make one feel sort of celebratory over a grilled ham and cheese with free side salad.
     My friend had the sandwich, I had fruit (some of which was cut from way too close to the rind.
     Cheapness!), a side o' cheese, and ala cart YUMMY salad.
     I was charged a little for extra dressing(s).
     Neither of us had drinks, but I still felt really good about the cool $20.
     check.
    When it's a rainy Sunday, you're craving bacon, and you've already taken your houseguest to your usual breakfast joint.
    what do you do? You ask on your status update on Facebook for suggestions.
    You ignore all said suggestions, and consult Yelp.
    You remember this place from a brunch date with your girlfriends, and although you can't remember the menu to save your life, you come here anyway because you don't remember it being horrible.
    I should point out that I'm a big fan of McDonald's McGriddle sandwich, even though it most likely has more calories than you ate all through your (anorexic) senior year of high school.
      Just kidding, kids, I was only anorexic for half of the year.
    This place has the healthier equivalent of a McGriddle- Lynn's Breakfast: waffle, eggs and bacon.
      The bacon was not great, but it's bacon, so you really can't go wrong.
      Eggs over medium were fine, and the waffle was thin, which is nice because Belgian waffles can just be too big.
      The houseguest had a frittata.
     and it seemed to handle his hangover well.
      Prices not too shabby, but I really wish these places would upgrade on the coffee.
    Cons:  It is tiny, and we were sat right next to the "kitchen," after waiting for what seemed to a bit, it would have been nice to get a less crappy table.
      Other than that, not bad, although I don't know if I would take an out-of-town guest here again.
    A cute little space.
     Tables for two along the side walls and a line of 2-tops in the center of the room that was being used as communal dining.
    The g/f ordered the smoked salmon omelette with bearnaise sauce and I got the Willi's omelette which is chicken apple sausage, scallions, and provolone cheese.
     Both are off the Weekend Brunch menu.
    Lynn &amp; Lu's definitely gets props for the size of the dishes.
     The 3-egg omelettes, potatoes, toast, and wedge of orange filled the plates edge to edge.
     I really liked the potatoes.
     They were nice and moist and the dollop of sour cream was just right.
     The omelettes were also well stuffed with their respective ingredients.
    Volume of food aside, the omelettes were just OK.
     The smoked salmon omelette was a little boring with a nice pile of smoked salmon and nothing else inside.
     The bearnaise on top didn't add too much to it.
     For the Willi's, the provolone cheese was a big 1.
    5" x 4" and third of an inch thick mass of cheese literally exploding out of one side of the omelette.
     It would have been better more evenly distributed throughout the omelette.
     The eggs were nice and fluffy in both.
    Service was friendly, efficient, and young.
     I felt like I was being served by my high-school aged niece and her BFFs.
    Food 3+ starsService 4 starsOverall 3.
    5 stars.
    Don't get me wrong, this place had some wonderful service and felt like a nice, neighborhood joint.
     The prices were affordable.
     I can see why people like this place but was surprised (and not in a pleasant way) after reading all the ratings.
     Maybe we just ordered the wrong items but we went for brunch.
     My poached eggs over spinach and mushroom was just disappointing.
     The poached eggs were fine but underseasoned.
     The spinach and mushroom though sauteed were in a bowl of broth (I don't believe that was intended) and tasted like something I make once a week at home.
     My SO's brunch plate consisted of home fries and an omelette with some cheese and other things.
     It was okay.
     Because of the price and atmosphere I would likely go back on a lazy Saturday or Sunday especially if it's a nice, sunny one, but otherwise will probably look elsewhere for some affordable brunch options.
    After spending some time at the Victory Garden on Lake Merritt I REALLY wanted a classic breakfast with some eggs and bacon.
     I'm new to the Adam's Point area and haven't seen any diners by Lake Merritt.
     Afraid my boyfriend and I weren't going to find a diner on Grand, we continued past all the cafes and Asian restaurants and happened upon Lynn &amp; Lu's Escapade Cafe.
     It was really crowded, the couple of tables outside were already taken and it looked like all the tables inside were taken too.
     Except for one table for two! We grabbed the seat and were given menus promptly.
     (I later found out there was a patio in the back for more customers to sit at! Next time I come here I'll have to check it out!) I ordered the Eggs A La Justin, which is an Eggs Benedict but instead of ham a HALF of an avocado.
    And you get two of these guys so you're really given a whole avocado! All their egg breakfast specials come with country potatoes, so I nommed on a side of those too.
     I also had coffee, which tasted a little burnt, but it wasn't so bad that I didn't want to drink it.
      The boyfriend had Willy's Omelette, which came with slices of chicken apple sausage, green onions, and provolone cheese.
      It looked good, but I'm not an omelette fan and didn't try any.
     Overall, very good tasting food with big portions.
     Both our dishes were $8.
    50 so for the price I feel you get more than you pay for.
     Service is a little hectic, but very friendly.
    omg very excited about this place, wish I lived closer.
     I had the potatoes escapade, which was everything I love on top of potatoes (another thing I love) and I added 2 eggs on top.
     The only thing that grossed me out was the stomach churning amount of oil/butter at the bottom when I finished my plate.
     It was worth it though.
    The outdoor balcony area is sort of charming in a run-down cottage type of way.
     There are some steep stairs leading up so be careful.
    Was very surprised to find out it's owned by asian people!.
    BlackstoneIt's the bud of a flower which makes my experience at Lynn &amp; Lu's Escapade Café an enjoyable one.
     The typical acidic taste of this bud is lost in the cooking process and replaced with a creamy texture similar to avocado with a hint of green.
     The combination works surprising well with the hollandaise sauce and the poached eggs (which look like cream puffs).
      The incorporation of artichokes into Eggs Benedict is a must if you eat, have a pulse, drink water and/or breathe air.
     Artichokes are serious underrated vegetables which can be transformed and made to please the large spectrum of taste buds we've been given.
     If you are in love with Artichokes (as I am) and would like to know more about its awesomeness check out wiki's info.
      WallsHave you ever been to the little cafes of Amsterdam in which you could sit back and smoke "tobacco"? The cafes are usually housed in old buildings with high ceilings and chipping walls.
     The tables tend to be small, the room cold and the view none existing.
     No? Me neither.
     but I have seen many French films (Amélie &amp; The Professional) to know what I'm talking about.
     In Paris (&amp; Amsterdam) I would be known as a spécialiste.
     Lynn &amp; Lu's Escapade Café has the feeling I described above.
     The walls tend to be covered in local art that is usually bad, not framed and tagged for sell with post-its.
     I get that we must support local artists, but let's only support good art that enhances the ambiance.
     I say "good" art because I took an art history class at Laney eight years ago and.
    I know art.
     FinI return to this café because the food is good, affordable, the service is quick and the staff is attentive.
     You should check it out.
    Notes:Artichokes: en.
    wikipedia.
    org/wiki/Ar… .
    Movie: Ameli, imdb.
    com/title/tt0211915Movie: El Professional, imdb.
    com/title/tt0110413.
    I love a brunch place that has no waiting, quick service and good food.
    I hail from the city of angeles, and it's hard to find a down to earth brunch place without all the snot nose people sitting next to you in their designer duds and mind numbing conversations.
    I came here on a Saturday afternoon and did not have to wait for a table.
     We decided on the eggs lox, an omelet and fritas.
     It must have been a mere 5 minutes later that our food arrived nice and hot.
     The coffee is not that great, think Denny's status.
    Good portion size and the price was even better.
    I'm use to paying about 15 dollars for eggs benedict but this was about 9 dollars and just as good if not better than what I have had at other places.
     This is nothing that makes you go goo goo gaga over, but more so if you want something close to home-made but you're just too damn lazy to make it yourself.
    Tasty breakfast.
     Surprisingly busy for a Monday morning, but nonetheless the service was on point and the chow was yum and in great supply.
     Had the oatmeal pancake +blueberry sauce and a nice chicken sausage, tasted the huevos rancheros too (they're good!).
     We will definitely return, especially since Lynn &amp; Lu's is within easy walking distance.
    I used to come here after running racing around the lake with the Lake Merrit Runner's &amp; Striders club on every last Sunday of the month.
     Bottom line, this place has charm, fantastic friendly service, great selection of breakfast plates and the food is excellent.
     I've had Justin's and Escapade, both very tasty and good size portions.
     And it's super affordable.
     Love supporting mom and pops shops too.
    Came here for lunch today after reading all the good reviews but sadly, I wasn't too impressed.
     I got the Eggs Jacqueline, which is two poached eggs topped with Meunster cheese, all over a bed of spinach.
     Well, there was just TOO much cheese on this thing! I normally can't wait to devour any kind of breakfast plate but this looked really unappetizing.
    Not going to give up though because the pictures others have posted look delish - I'll just get something more traditional next time, like Eggs Benedict (don't know why I didn't order that in the first place anyway, I always get that wherever I go).
    For about $8 a plate, it is a lot of food though! Service is very good too.
     Plus they're Asian, so 3 stars it is (started off at a 2).
    Cute little place that reminds me of the cafe I used to work at in San Francisco.
    Me and the guy had breakfast here.
     Great service, alright food.
     Menu was impressive.
    I had an omelet without cheese or sour cream while he had a scramble without sour cream.
     Our requests were granted without screw-up, but my omelet was swimming in grease.
     Potatoes were nicely spiced.
     Wheat toast was well-toasted and thin.
    Prices reasonable.
     No big complaints.
    Returned to an Oakland favorite, a great way to start 2014!  The Oatmeal pancakes were as good as I remembered, with the option of blueberry or maple syrup.
      Eggs mixed with spinach, avocado, tomatoes onions and cheese were yummy.
      Potatoes were perfectly cooked and lightly seasoned and the chicken apple sausage was a good complement.
     Came in on a Friday afternoon, so missed the weekend crowd, service was quick and pleasant.
      No AMEX.
    I will forever remember this place as the diner with the sticky tables and the bad Hollandaise.
    I give my people's props for their tasty breakfast and attentive service.
     It's nice to see a Chinese-owned business doing well.
     Cheers my Sugah-peoples!!!.
    I was excited to try this place after reading many positive reviews - but really, it was just "Eh, it's ok" rather than "A-Ok" - however, I'm adding the extra star because the wait staff was just so darn friendly and outstanding.
     I LOVE breakfast and for me it's an easy meal that is kinda hard to mess up.
    but here's why I won't be going back: 1.
     Bacon.
     I'm picky about my bacon.
     This was way too thick and undercooked (even though it looked well done - it was super chewy).
     This may work for some - NOT for me.
     2.
     The "home potatoes" had a weird non-breakfast type seasoning on them.
     Maybe rosemary? I think they would have fit better as a dinner side.
     It totally clashed with the breakfast flavors.
     3.
     Pancakes.
     I ordered them "well done" and they came out well.
    rubbery.
     I drowned the suckers in the warm blueberry sauce (which is great, BTW) and that was pretty much the bulk of my meal.
     My eggs were a bit on the greasy side.
     4.
     Hubbs ordered the Eggs a la Justin.
    we didn't understand the appeal.
     Poached eggs shouldn't be THAT underdone and the flavors were a bit too exotic at 8:15am :-( If you're looking for "gourmet breakfast" on a shoestring budget - this is the place to go! It's small inside, but the food comes out quickly and the staff is super attentive - never had to ask for coffee refills.
     BUT.
    I just wanted good-ole basic breakfast, so it didn't really work for me.
    I guess I'm boring like that ;-).
