I HATE LABELS. I DON’T LIKE HAVING TO PUT EVERYTHING INTO LITTLE BOXES. BUT IF YOU HAD TO LABEL ME, I GUESS YOU COULD CALL ME… REAL.
I WANT TO BE THE SAME AS ALL THE DIFFERENT PEOPLE.
LANA DEL REY IS ONE OF THE BEST MUSICAL EXPONENTS OF HER GENERATION
IS THIS VEGAN?
YOU CAN’T BEGIN TO FULLY APPRECIATE KAFKA UNTIL YOU READ HIM IN GERMAN.
IT’S NOT A SCARF. IT’S A TRADITIONAL COLOMBIAN GARMENT.
THEY SOUND SO MUCH BETTER ON VINYL.
WHEN I DIE, I’M LEAVING MY BODY TO ART.
CAN YOU CALL ME BACK? I’M KNITTING A COVER FOR MY IPAD.
MY MUSIC DOESN’T REALLY HAVE A GENRE, BUT IF I HAD TO DEFINE IT I’D PROBABLY SAY ‘ORGANIC GARAGE’.
WHAT’S YOUR INSTAGRAM HANDLE?
IT’S KIND OF LIKE BONO MEETS WEEZER? BUT IT’S JUST ME AND A UKULELE
I HEARD SHE’S MAKING SOME SERIOUS WAVES IN THE HEMP INDUSTRY.
WELL YOU CAN’T JUST GET THEM ANYWHERE, YOU NEED TO KNOW THE RIGHT PLACES.
…AND THIS IS MY GIRLFRIEND, RAINBOWE.
IS THAT FAIR TRADE?
I GOT DONNIE DARKO THE FIRST TIME I WATCHED IT.
SOMEONE REALLY NEEDS TO INVENT A MOUSTACHE-FRIENDLY HARMONICA.
I SAW THEM IN THIS REALLY SMALL VENUE LAST YEAR.
IT’S FROM THE ORGANIC FRUIT STALL ON CHAMBERS STREET. YOU’VE PROBABLY NEVER HEARD OF IT.
I’M THINKING OF TAKING SOME TIME OFF TO WORK ON MY SOLO STUFF.
THANKS, I WOVE IT MYSELF.
SOVEREIGN RINGS ARE SO CLICHÉ-CHIC.
BON IVER IS SUCH A SELLOUT.
UGH… ARIAL.
I BET HIS AFRO ISN’T EVEN IRONIC.
THIS IS DEFINITELY GOING INTO MY BLOG.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU’RE OUT OF LEATHER IPHONE PURSES?
YOU CALL THAT A FEDORA?
WELL I’M PLANNING ON MOVING TO LONDON TO OPEN MY OWN GLUTEN-FREE BAKERY, BUT AT THE MOMENT I’M JUST KIND OF LAYING LOW AND WORKING ON MY NOVEL.
Hey want to come to my high school play except I’m calling it a band?
I’m writing a book called “Chicken Soup for the Twenty-Something Teenage Soul.”
Should I get excited when a mainstream artist is nominated for a mainstream award?
Kids on the Youtube, learning how to be cool.
Rather be dead than cool.
I’m beat to the square, and square to the beat, and that’s my vocation.
They're actually not that good live.
I was into them like, two years ago.
I like the remix better
Have you heard their side project?
Their single is the worst song on the album.
This is the most important album of the decade.
My friend used to date the lead singer.
I only like their early stuff.
The radio ruined that song
I grew up with them.
Your beanie can never be too far back on your head
I dont match colors. Colors match themselves.
I think rolling up my pant legs to my ankles is just a must on all occasions
Yeah I totally would sign up for Greenpeace.
100% non-chinese child labor clothing is my ish
Who are you again?
I HEARD SHE’S MAKING SOME SERIOUS WAVES IN THE HEMP INDUSTRY.
Sorry, I only use products that are still in beta.
I don't believe in labels
IS IT EVEN ORGANIC?
CAN YOU NOT?!
VEGAN
LOL
I CANT EVEN
I KIND OF WANT A HOT DOG
IM SO EXCITED FOR FALL
YOU GUYS!
WHAT DOES YOUR TATTOO MEAN?
MEET YOU AT THE PARK BRING YOUR DOGS LETS TALK ABOUT TATTOOS
like i have money
sorry not sorry
my struggle bus is vintage
i got it at a thrift store across town
i have to order parts from europe to fix my bike
but how do you know it's fair trade?
is this ice cream vegan?
are you sure about that?
you've probably never heard of them.
i only eat at pop ups and food truck.
their food went to shit when they went brick and mortar.
Because duh.
Stop it right now.
Really tho.
Said no one ever.
Wait but why?
Literally dying.
Srsly.
Srsly?
#THIS
My phone died.
Do you have any cash?
They only take cash.
I know, right?
Totes.
he would be so much more attractive if he didn't post so many selfies.
I'm nowhere close to where I thought I'd be at this age. What am I doing with my life?
Dude, I got so turnt last night!
This article doe.
That party was too turnt!
It’s hella hot outside today.
Karen only wears oversized frockets and leggings. She’s hella basic.
She threw shade at me in front of everyone and thought I wouldn’t realize.
This song is giving me life! YAS!
I totally ship Piper and Alex! My all-time favorite ship is Ross and Rachel.
Those tacos were good AF.
Did you see his eyes? He was lit af.
You always have my back, fam
let's do brunch.
best brunch spot in the city, you can't even get there on the bus.
i can't, i'm in an uber right now.
Apocalyptic obsessions have led me to believe what was the spark
What we once called home, you won't even find
You all have noticed, before myself, this place I once lived is burnt to the ground

Keeping cover under my own will, hoping they're not out to get me
Sentenced to inner correction, I wont believe a single word you speak

What has become of this structure?
Breathless, I can't plead my case to anyone
or caught up I will be in the incline

I want you spread across the pavement

Altercations are expected from those unaware
Recognition is the first step to ability
Greatness will come as intended
but only to those deserving I'm willing to show them

On the surface, I may seem faint,
but given the chance, I will inflict this beyond ruin
Don't question my virtue
I will never let up until your existence is your past

I'm far past the point of exchanging words

I'll have you laid out on the pavement
When there's an end, fictitious figures won't stand before me
No one will make me kneel or bow, when the screams slowly die,
emptiness will fill this world
If I collapse it's your head breaking my fall,
as the white noise fills your brain, clouding your sight

Step right up if you think you got it
One by one I'll take them all on
Be prepared for a loss of senses
and hope that mercy will find you
Oh, we're going in, put your best foot forward
Break out the strongest of your men, and keep the loyal

These days are growing cold again
Into the foreign land we fall right in
Before I alter my demands with dark intent
How can I make you understand

So this is what it comes to, despite all the warnings
You still extend your fist with the hopes of leaving me impaired
Surprises may come quickly,
as the last thing you expect was to be left unconscious at my expense

I have brought death upon us all, I have brought death upon us all.
Who are you to tell me this is permanent?
Are you not convinced by our afflictions
That there is a lapse refusing to let us advance
or are you fixed on rejection?

For eight nights, I watched, as our race died
The cause, as in my visions, has left us in refute

White flags are not enough, I want them red
White flags are not enough, I want them red

Take care of the defensive
and cease all witnesses

You could have prevented this
but now your cries are left unheard
I'm thirsty for control
I'm starving for that final word
you could have prevented this

Prepare for the worst, but give in to nothing

Who are you to tell me is permanent
I watched this, as it grew grew and conquered
I saw it at its greatest of triumphs
So be it, I killed what I helped create
just to continue a greater cause
I can't fix what I did not break
I can only help further the sincere

Shifting memories
They come and go
Haunting me
Night and day

Forever chasing after what was right within my reach
I will hold on to this
We know this is more than a calling
It's a granted abduction

Call it what you will, but in this war of two sides, I must look after myself

Waiting to hear your voice again
(I'll never let you go)

What have I done to let myself fall into this vicious cycle
What should I make of this?
I'm trapped inside a terminal
Forced to choose between two burdens
Both of which I can't live with or without

I could tell someone, and live with truth
Or tell myself, and live without regret.

Failure is haunting us, but only if we believe it can
Fortune is grabbing us by the throat, though we must allow it

Reasons beyond our control have taken everything from us

Just as it seems to fade, it returns
Stronger than it was before
I'm left to deal with this ambush alone
An army of one is no army at all

Broken are my attempts, by both my own
To signal peace will never be the case

I'll put in what I plan on getting out
I put my life into this

Will I feel again?
Have you got colour in your cheeks?
Do you ever get that fear that you can't shift
The type that sticks around like something in your teeth?
Are there some aces up your sleeve?
Have you no idea that you're in deep?
I dreamt about you nearly every night this week
How many secrets can you keep?
'Cause there's this tune I found that makes me think of you somehow and I play it on repeat
Until I fall asleep
Spilling drinks on my settee

(Do I wanna know)
If this feeling flows both ways?
(Sad to see you go)
Was sort of hoping that you'd stay
(Baby we both know)
That the nights were mainly made for saying things that you can't say tomorrow day

Crawling back to you

Ever thought of calling when you've had a few?
'Cause I always do
Maybe I'm too busy being yours to fall for somebody new
Now I've thought it through

Crawling back to you

So have you got the guts?
Been wondering if your heart's still open and if so I wanna know what time it shuts
Simmer down and pucker up
I'm sorry to interrupt. It's just I'm constantly on the cusp of trying to kiss you
I don't know if you feel the same as I do
But we could be together if you wanted to

(Do I wanna know?)
If this feeling flows both ways?
(Sad to see you go)
Was sort of hoping that you'd stay
(Baby we both know)
That the nights were mainly made for saying things that you can't say tomorrow day

Crawling back to you (crawling back to you)

Ever thought of calling when you've had a few? (you've had a few)
'Cause I always do ('cause I always do)
Maybe I'm too (maybe I'm too busy) busy being yours to fall for somebody new
Now I've thought it through

Crawling back to you

(Do I wanna know?)
If this feeling flows both ways?
(Sad to see you go)
Was sort of hoping that you'd stay
(Baby we both know)
That the nights were mainly made for saying things that you can't say tomorrow day

(Do I wanna know?)
Too busy being yours to fall
(Sad to see you go)
Ever thought of calling darling?
(Do I wanna know?)
Do you want me crawling back to you?
I'm a puppet on a string
Tracy Island, time-traveling
Diamond could've shaped heartaches
Come to find you four in some velvet morning
Years too late
She's a silver lining lone ranger riding
Through an open space
In my mind when she's not right there beside me

I go crazy 'cause here isn't where I wanna be
And satisfaction feels like a distant memory
And I can't help myself,
All I wanna hear her say is "Are you mine?"

Well, are you mine?
Are you mine?
Are you mine?

I guess what I'm trying to say is I need the deep end
Keep imagining meeting, wished away entire lifetimes
Unfair we're not somewhere misbehaving for days
Great escape lost track of time and space
She's a silver lining climbing on my desire

And I go crazy 'cause here isn't where I wanna be
And satisfaction feels like a distant memory
And I can't help myself,
All I wanna hear her say is "Are you mine?"

Well, are you mine? (are you mine tomorrow?)
Are you mine? (or just mine tonight?)
Are you mine? (are you mine? Mine?)

And the thrill of the chase moves in mysterious ways
So in case I'm mistaken,
I just wanna hear you say you got me baby
Are you mine?

She's a silver lining lone ranger riding through an open space
In my mind when she's not right there beside me
I go crazy cause here isn't where I wanna be

And satisfaction feels like a distant memory
And I can't help myself,
All I wanna hear her say is "Are you mine?"

Well, are you mine? (are you mine tomorrow?)
Are you mine? (or just mine tonight?)
Are you mine? (are you mine tomorrow, or just mine tonight?)
One for the road, ooh ooh
One for the road, ooh ooh

From the bottom of your heart
The relegation zone
I saw this coming from the start
The shake, rattle and roll
The cracks in blackout blinds
Cast patterns on the ceiling but you're feeling fine
I thought it was dark outside
I thought it was dark outside

So we all go back to yours and you sit and talk to me on the floor
There's no need to show me round baby, I feel like I've been in here before
I've been wondering whether later when you tell everybody to go,
Will you pour me one for the road?

I knew this would be on the cards
I knew you wouldn't fold
I saw this coming from the start
The shake, rattle and roll

One for the road, ooh ooh

So we all go back to yours and you sit and talk to me on the floor
There's no need to show me round baby, I feel like I've been in here before
I've been wondering whether later when you tell everybody to go,
Will you pour me one for the road?

The mixture hits you hard
Don't get that sinking feeling, don't fall apart
Some out of tune guitar
Soundtrack to disaster

Ooh ooh, one for the road
Ooh ooh, one for the road
Ooh ooh, one for the road
Ooh ooh, one for the road

So we all go back to yours and you sit and talk to me on the floor
There's no need to show me round baby, I feel like I've been in here before
I've been wondering whether later when you tell everybody to go,
Will you pour me one for the road?
Arabella's got some interstellagator skin boots
And a helter skelter around her little finger and I ride it endlessly
She's got a Barbarella silver swimsuit
And when she needs a shelter from reality she takes a dip in my daydreams

My days end best when this sunset gets itself
Behind that little lady sitting on the passenger side
It's much less picturesque without her catching the light
The horizon tries but it's just not as kind on the eyes

As Arabella, oh
As Arabella
Just might have tapped into your mind and soul
You can't be sure

Arabella's got a 70s head
But she's a modern lover
It's an exploration, she's made of outer space
And her lips are like the galaxy's edge
And a kiss the colour of a constellation falling into place

My days end best when this sunset gets itself
Behind that little lady sitting on the passenger side
It's much less picturesque without her catching the light
The horizon tries but it's just not as kind on the eyes

As Arabella, oh
As Arabella
Just might have tapped into your mind and soul
You can't be sure

That's magic in a cheetah print coat
Just a slip underneath it I hope
Asking if I can have one of those
Organic cigarettes that she smokes
Wraps her lips round the Mexican coke
Makes you wish that you were the bottle
Takes a sip of your soul and it sounds like...

Just might have tapped into your mind and soul
You can't be sure
Blind faith
Heartache
Mind games
Mistakes
My sweet fireball
My sweet rigmarole
I want it all
I want it all

Old dogs
New tricks
Can you feel it?
Space age country girl
Stone cold miracle
I want it all
I want it all

And then suddenly it hit me it's a year ago
Since I drank miniature whiskey and we shared your coke
Ain't it just like you to kiss me and then hit the road
Leave me listening to the stones
2000 light years from home
So you're on the prowl wondering whether she left already or not
Leather jacket, collar popped like antenna
Never knowing when to stop
Sunglasses indoors, par for the course
Lights in the floors and sweat on the walls
Cages and poles

Call off the search for your soul, or put it on hold again
She's having a sly indoor smoke
She calls the folks who run this her oldest friends
Sipping her drink and laughing at imaginary jokes
As all the signals are sent, her eyes invite you to approach
And it seems as though those lumps in your throat
That you just swallowed have got you going

Come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on
Number one party anthem

She's a certified mind blower, knowing full well that I don't
May suggest there's somewhere from which you might know her
Just to get the ball to roll
Drunken monologues, confused because
It's not like I'm falling in love I just want you to do me no good
And you look like you could

Come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on
Number one party anthem
Come on, come on, come on
Before the moment's gone
Number one party anthem
Yeah, yeah

The look of love - the rush of blood
The "She's with me" - the Gallic shrug
The shutterbugs - the Camera Plus
The black and white - the colour dodge
The good time girls - the cubicles
The house of fun - the number one party anthem

Come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on
Before the moment's gone
Number one party anthem
Number one party anthem
Number one party anthem
Yeah, yeah
Mad sounds in your ears make you feel alright
They bring you back to life
Mad sounds in your ears, they make you get up and dance
They make you get up

Yeah, they make you get up

Love buckles under the strain of those wild nights
Run but you cannot hide

Mad sounds in your ears make you get up and dance
Make you get up
All night long reappear
Make you get up and dance

Yeah, they make you get up

Suppose you've gotta do what you gotta do
We just weren't feeling how we wanted to
You sit and try sometimes but you just can't figure out what went wrong
Then out of nowhere somebody comes and hits you with an
Ooh la la la la...
(Ooh la la la la...)

You got those mad sounds in your ears to make you get up and dance
Mad sounds in your ears make you get up and dance
Well don't they make you get up
Yeah, they make you get up
I can't explain but I want to try
There's this image of you and I
And it goes dancing by in the morning and in the night time

There's all these secrets that I can't keep
Like in my heart there's that hotel suite and you lived there so long,
It's kinda strange now you're gone

I'm not sure if I should show you what I've found
Has it gone for good?
Or is it coming back around?
Isn't it hard to make up your mind?
When you're losing and your fuse is fireside

There's all those places we used to go
And I suspect you already know
But that place on memory lane you liked still looks the same
But something about it's changed

I'm not sure if I should show you what I've found
Has it gone for good?
Or is it coming back around?
Isn't it hard to make up your mind?
When you're losing and your fuse is fireside

And I thought I was yours forever
Maybe I was mistaken but I just cannot manage to make it through the day
Without thinking of you lately

I'm not sure if I should show you what I've found
Has it gone for good?
Or is it coming back around?
Isn't it hard to make up your mind?
When you're losing and your fuse is fireside
The mirror's image
Tells me it's home time
But I'm not finished
'Cause you're not by my side
And as I arrived I thought I saw you leaving
Carrying your shoes
Decided that once again I was just dreaming
Of bumping into you

Now it's three in the morning and I'm trying to change your mind
Left you multiple missed calls and to my message you reply,
"Why'd you only call me when you're high?
Hi, why'd you only call me when you're high?"

Somewhere darker
Talking the same shite
I need a partner (hey)
Well, are you out tonight?
It's harder and harder to get you to listen
More I get through the gears
Incapable of making alright decisions
And having bad ideas

Now it's three in the morning and I'm trying to change your mind
Left you multiple missed calls and to my message you reply (message you reply),
"Why'd you only call me when you're high? (why'd you only call me when you're high?)
Hi, why'd you only call me when you're high?"

And I can't see you here wonder where I might?
Sort of feels like I'm running out of time
I haven't found what I was hoping to find
You said, "You gotta be up in the morning, gonna have an early night.
And you're starting to bore me, baby.
Why'd you only call me when you're high?"

Why'd you only ever phone me when you're high?
Why'd you only ever phone me when you're high?
Why'd you only ever phone me when you're high?
Why'd you only ever phone me when you're high?
What's been happening in your world?
What have you been up to?
I heard that you fell in love
Or near enough
I gotta tell you the truth…

I wanna grab both your shoulders and shake baby
Snap out of it (Snap out of it)
I get the feeling I left it too late, but baby
Snap out of it (Snap out of it)
If that watch don't continue to swing or the fat lady fancies having a sing
I'll be here waiting ever so patiently for you to
Snap out of it

Forever isn't for everyone
Is forever for you?
It sounds like settling down or giving up
But it don't sound much like you girl

I wanna grab both your shoulders and shake baby
Snap out of it (Snap out of it)
I get the feeling I left it too late, but baby
Snap out of it (Snap out of it)
If that watch don't continue to swing or the fat lady fancies having a sing
I'll be here waiting ever so patiently for you to
Snap out of it

Under a spell you're hypnotized
Darling how could you be so blind?
(Snap out of it)
Under a spell you're hypnotized
Darling how could you be so blind?

I wanna grab both your shoulders and shake baby
Snap out of it (Snap out of it)
I get the feeling I left it too late, but baby
Snap out of it (Snap out of it)
If that watch don't continue to swing or the fat lady fancies having a sing
I'll be here waiting ever so patiently for you to
Snap out of it
You got the lights on in the afternoon
And the nights are drawn out long
And you're kissing to cut through the gloom
With a cough-drop-coloured tongue
And you were sitting in the corner with the coats all piled high
And I thought you might be mine
In a small world on an exceptionally rainy Tuesday night
In the right place and time

When the zeros line up on the 24 hour clock
When you know who's calling even though the number is blocked
When you waltz around your house wearing my sky blue Lacoste
And your knee socks

Well you cured my January blues
Yeah you made it all alright
I got a feeling I might have lit the very fuse
That you were trying not to light
You were a stranger in my phonebook I was acting like I knew
'Cause I had nothing to lose
When the winter's in full swing and your dreams just aren't coming true
Ain't it funny what you'll do

When the zeros line up on the 24 hour clock
When you know who's calling even though the number is blocked
When you waltz around your house wearing my sky blue Lacoste
And your knee socks

The late afternoon
The ghost in your room that you always thought didn't approve of you knocking boots
Never stopped you letting me get hold of the sweet spot by the scruff of your
Knee socks

You and me could have been a team
Each had a half of a king and queen seat
Like the beginning of Mean Streets
You could Be My Baby
[4x]

(All the zeros lined up but the number's blocked when you've come undone)

When the zeros line up on the 24 hour clock
When you know who's calling even though the number is blocked
When you waltz around your house wearing my sky blue Lacoste
And your knee socks
[2x]
I wanna be your vacuum cleaner
Breathing in your dust
I wanna be your Ford Cortina
I won't ever rust
If you like your coffee hot
Let me be your coffee pot
You call the shots babe
I just wanna be yours

Secrets I have held in my heart
Are harder to hide than I thought
Maybe I just wanna be yours
I wanna be yours, I wanna be yours
Wanna be yours, wanna be yours, wanna be yours

Let me be your 'leccy meter and I'll never run out
And let me be the portable heater that you'll get cold without
I wanna be your setting lotion (I wanna be)
Hold your hair in deep devotion (how deep?)
At least as deep as the Pacific Ocean
I wanna be yours

Secrets I have held in my heart
Are harder to hide than I thought
Maybe I just wanna be yours
I wanna be yours, I wanna be yours
Wanna be yours, wanna be yours, wanna be yours
Wanna be yours, wanna be yours, wanna be yours...

I wanna be your vacuum cleaner
Breathing in your dust
I wanna be your Ford Cortina
I won't ever rust
I just wanna be yours
(Wanna be yours)
I just wanna be yours
(Wanna be yours)
I just wanna be yours
(Wanna be yours)
What a beautiful face
I have found in this place
That is circling all round the sun
What a beautiful dream
That could flash on the screen
In a blink of an eye and be gone from me
Soft and sweet
Let me hold it close and keep it here with me

And one day we will die
And our ashes will fly from the aeroplane over the sea
But for now we are young
Let us lay in the sun
And count every beautiful thing we can see
Love to be
In the arms of all I'm keeping here with me

What a curious life
We have found here tonight
There is music that sounds from the street
There are lights in the clouds
Anna's ghost all around
Hear her voice as it's rolling and ringing through me
Soft and sweet
How the notes all bend and reach above the trees

Oh how I remember you
How I would push my fingers through
Your mouth to make those muscles move
That made your voice so smooth and sweet
But now we keep where we don't know
All secrets sleep in winter clothes
With one you loved so long ago
Now he don't even know his name

What a beautiful face
I have found in this place
That is circling all round the sun
And when we meet on a cloud
I'll be laughing out loud
I'll be laughing with everyone I see
Can't believe how strange it is to be anything at al
When you were young you were the king of carrot flowers
And how you built a tower tumbling through the trees
In holy rattlesnakes that fell all around your feet

And your mom would stick a fork right into daddy's shoulder
And dad would throw the garbage all across the floor
As we would lay and learn what each other's bodies were for

And this is the room one afternoon I knew I could love you
And from above you how I sank into your soul
Into that secret place where no one dares to go

And your mom would drink until she was no longer speaking
And dad would dream of all the different ways to die
Each one a little more than he could dare to try
love you Jesus Christ
Jesus Christ, I love you, yes I do
I love you Jesus Christ
Jesus Christ, I love you, yes I do

And on the lazy days
The dogs dissolve and drain away
The world it goes and always waits
The day we are awaitin
Up and over, we go through the wave and undertow
I will float until I learn how to swim
Inside my mother in a garbage bin
Until I find myself again, again

Up and over we go with mouths open wide and spitting still
I will spit until I learn how to speak
Up through the doorway as the sideboards creak
With them ever proclaiming me, me

Up and over we go, the weight it sits on down and I don't know
I will shout until they know what I mean
I mean the marriage of a dead dog sing
And a synthetic flying machine, machine
Two headed boy
All floating in glass
The sun it has passed
Now it's blacker than black
I can hear as you tap on your jar
I am listening to hear where you are
I am listening to hear where you are

Two headed boy
Put on Sunday shoes
And dance round the room to accordion keys
With the needle that sings in your heart
Catching signals that sound in the dark
Catching signals that sound in the dark
We will take off our clothes
And they'll be placing fingers through the notches in your spine
And when all is breaking
Everything that you could keep beside
Now your eyes ain't moving
Now they just lay there in their climb

Two headed boy
With pulleys and weights
Creating a radio played just for two
In the parlor with a moon across her face
And through the music he sweetly displays
Silver speakers that sparkle all day
Made for his lover who's floating and choking with her hands across her face
And in the dark we will take off our clothes
And they'll be placing fingers through the notches in your spine
And when all is breaking
Everything that you could keep beside
Now your eyes ain't moving
Now they just lay there in their climb

Two headed boy
There is no reason to grieve
The world that you need is wrapped in gold silver sleeves
Left beneath Christmas trees in the snow
And I will take you and leave you alone
Watching spirals of white softly flow
Over your eyelids and all you did
Will wait until the point when you let go
Two... One, two, three, four...

The only girl I've ever loved
Was born with roses in her eyes
But then they buried her alive
One evening 1945
With just her sister at her side
And only weeks before the guns
All came and rained on everyone
Now she's a little boy in Spain
Playing pianos filled with flames
On empty rings around the sun
All sing to say my dream has come

But now we must pick up every piece
Of the life we used to love
Just to keep ourselves
At least enough to carry on

And now we ride the circus wheel
With your dark brother wrapped in white
Says it was good to be alive
But now he rides a comet's flame
And won't be coming back again
The Earth looks better from a star
That's right above from where you are
He didn't mean to make you cry
With sparks that ring and bullets fly
On empty rings around your heart
The world just screams and falls apart

But now we must pick up every piece
Of the life we used to love
Just to keep ourselves
At least enough to carry on

And here's where your mother sleeps
And here is the room where your brothers were born
Indentions in the sheets
Where their bodies once moved but don't move anymore
And it's so sad to see the world agree
That they'd rather see their faces fill with flies
All when I'd want to keep white roses in their eyes
Sweet communist, the communist daughter
Standing on the sea-weed water
Semen stains the mountaintops
Semen stains the mountaintops

With coca leaves along the border
Sweetness swings from every corner
Cars careening from the clouds
The bridges burst and twist around

And wanting something warm and moving
Bend towards herself, the soothing
Proves that she must still exist
She moves herself about her fist

Sweet communist, the communist daughter
Standing on the sea-weed water
Semen stains the mountaintops
Semen stains the mountaintops
Oh comely, I will be with you when you lose your breath,
Chasing the only meaningful memory you thought you had left.
With some pretty, bright and bubbly terrible scene
That was doing her thing on your chest.
But oh comely,
It isn't as pretty as you'd like to guess
In your memory, you're drunk on your awe to me
It doesn't mean anything at all.
Oh comely,
All of your friends are all letting you blow,
Bristling and ugly, bursting with fruits falling out from the holes
Of some pretty, bright, and bubbly friend
You could need to say comforting things in your ear
But oh comely,
There isn't such one friend that you could find here.
Standing next to me,
He's only my enemy
I'll crush him with everything I own.
Say what you want to say
Hang for your hollow ways
Moving your mouth to pull out
All your miracle aimed for me.

Your father made fetuses with flesh licking ladies,
While you and your mother were asleep in the trailer park.
Thunderous sparks from the dark of the stadiums,
The music and medicine you needed for comforting.
So make all your fat fleshy fingers to moving,
And pluck all your silly strings, bend all your notes for me.
Soft silly music is meaningful magical,
The movements were beautiful, all in your ovaries.
All of them milking with green fleshy flowers,
While powerful pistons were sugary sweet machines.
Smelling of semen all under the garden
Was all you were needing when you still believed in me.
Say what your want to say.
Hang for your hollow ways.
Moving your mouth to pull out
All your miracle aimed for me.

And I know they buried her body with others,
Her sister and mother and five-hundred families.
And will she remember me fifty years later?
I wished I could save her in some sort of time machine.
Know all your enemies.
We know who our enemies are.
Know all your enemies.
We know who our enemies are.

Goldaline, my dear,
We will fold and freeze together
Far away from here.
There is sun and spring and green forever.
But now we move to feel for ourselves inside some stranger's stomach.
Place your body here,
Let your skin begin to blend itself with mine.
Ghost, ghost, I know you were within me, feel you as you fly
In thunder clouds above the city, into one that I loved
With all that was left within me 'till we tore in two
Now wings and rings and there's so many waiting here for you

And she was born in a bottle rocket, 1929
With wings that ringed around a socket right between her spine
All drenched in milk in holy water pouring from the sky
I know that she will live forever, she won't ever die

She goes
And now she knows she'll never be afraid
To watch the morning paper blow
Into a hole where no one can escape

And one day in New York City, baby, a girl fell from the sky
From the top of a burning apartment building fourteen stories high
And when her spirit left her body, how it split the sun
I know that she will live forever, all goes on and on

And she goes
And now she knows she'll never be afraid
To watch the morning paper blow
Into a hole where no one can escape
Daddy, please hear this song that I sing
In your heart there's a spark that just screams for a lover to bring
A child to your chest that could lay as you sleep
And love all you have left like your boy used to be long ago, wrapped in sheets warm and wet

Blister please with those wings in your spine
Love to be with a brother of mine, how he'd love to find
Your tongue in his teeth in a struggle to find
Secret songs that you keep wrapped in boxes so tight, sounding only at night as you sleep

And in my dreams you're alive and you're crying
As your mouth moves in mine, soft and sweet
Rings of flowers 'round your eyes and I'll love you
For the rest of your life when you're ready

Brother, see we are one in the same
And you left with your head filled with flames and you watched as your brains
Fell out through your teeth, push the pieces in place, make your smile sweet to see
Don't you take this away, I'm still wanting my face on your cheek

And when we break, we'll wait for our miracle
God is a place where some holy spectacle lies
When we break, we'll wait for our miracle
God is a place you will wait for the rest of your life

Two-headed boy, she is all you could need
She will feed you tomatoes and radio wires
And retire to sheets safe and clean
But don't hate her when she gets up to leave
Where we were kinda thing
Bet she crawl, all alone
Where we were kinda thing
Bet she crawl, all alone
Where we were kinda thing
Bet she crawl, all alone
Where we were kinda thing
Bet she crawl, all alone


Who am I?
Rec League, I ain't paying to ball
Y'all B-string like a broke guitar
And I still put it down like the family dog
Yeah, I murder some, I murder one
Explain it all, Ferguson
We ain't gotta sing the same old love song
Cut a white girl with the same black gloves on
Yeah, what you saying to it?
Old money look, no money don't do it
Make 'em turn around in their lane like a U-ey
And I'm only looking back if I'm looking at her booty
(At her boooty) What's the rationale?
They wanna smoke s when they Black & Mild
So we acting out (Okay, cool)

(Blue dream by the bouquet 'til I'm blue-faced on a Tuesday)
Can I have some? #sBeLike
Put a +18 on a e-vite
And I said what I felt, no re-write
Nah nah, they can't hold me
June/July, drop something
I double dare you, I'm Marc Summers
I scorch winters, I burn autumns
Gut s, so Kurt Vonne
Elle Varner, got a crush on her
I gotta wait in line for that
Ain't nobody got time for that
Ain't nobody gotta rhyme with that
Too true like it's 2 Chainz
Blue blood like he both gangs
Blow up
World Star befo' rap, you already know that
So Fresh Prince they about to bring the show back
Listening to Kilo, weekend cost a kilo
Hair so long, I'm about to bring the fro back
Phone call gotta say "Moshi moshi" (Moshi moshi)
Girlfriend actin' all wishy-washy (wishy-washy)
It's your birthday, make it earthquake
Fell in love with a  like a mermaid (Daddy, I love him!)
That's a first date, nobody think about it, worst case
Best case, we the front page, 10K on the first day
Yeah, mothafucka, take your phone out
To record this, ain't nobody can ignore this
I'm more or less a moral-less individual
Making movies with criminals, tryin' to get them residuals
When it all go crazy, when I hear that action, I'm a be Scorsese
My  hold it horizontal man, be professional (Worldstar!)


My girl ain't bad, she more like evil
When I'm lookin' in the mirror, how fly's this negro?
She on Hollywood and Vine, thinkin' that she Hollywood on Vine
Makin' movies with her friends all the time
Showin' off her ass, that's a net twerk
But I saw through it like a wet shirt
Drive slow cause you might swerve off it
Still eat and the hate so salty
Put shrooms in my roommate's coffee
And got more likes than a white girl talking
More hits than a fight comp, where they fight cops 'til they stop
When I heard shots, watching dude drop from a Glock at a [Shots fired]
Let me flash on 'em, we all big brother now
Lil' sis, let her run around, money talking, you know the sound
Brrrr, money counter, brrrr, AK, brrrr, cell phone, brrrr, hello?

Yo, bro man, check out that video I just sent you, man. This shit's hilarious, man. It's like this kid, man, he got like, he got like hit on the side of the head, man, he's like freakin' out. Like, it's like...

We don't wanna be on (Worldstar!)
And all I wanna be is a (Worldstar!)
t a Clippers game on the courtside
Watch a  shoot like a four-five
They mad at me too, I got more fire
When these bitches see you "Go home, Roger" (Go home, Roger)
Tia and Tamara in my bed, I'm a smart guy
I ain't fucking with you s like apartheid
Hits on my list, check my archive
I'm something so immaculate, instead of asking what's happening
Rather blast a Jackson 5 in the back of an Acura
Acting blacker than a Bernie Mac, two Charlie Murphys and Akon
The girls that you brought man, where are they from?
Where are they from? We were playing Playstation
Why you standing there, say some, girl, say some
No, this ain't a vacation, this is my house, my house
Bought a new bath, 8K,
Wanna take shots? AK,
When I ball, I'm-a ball King James,
Uncle Ben in my hand, make change,
And I'm out of this world like Tang,
That's a space bar, man, I hate y'all
You only come around when you want to play pool in my hot tub
Ice cream paint job in the garage
I had a menage, and murdered the vag'
But, afterwards, it was awkward as fuck
Cause I'm nervous as fuck and could not get it up
I-I-I-I-I need a minute, cold water to the face
I-I-I couldn't finish, got the Uber from her place
On my porch smoking vapor, hit with the Sunday paper
Listening to the neighbors...

Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God
Our neighbors, all alone, no no no no
Ohhh no no no no
(She said) no no no no
Love me better, kiss me back, Listen more oh
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Yeah, no no no


Face down in the brown grass
Shame shame on my brown ass
Birds in the trees as we run through
And if I'm dead to the world, what you gon' do? What you gon' do?
Like, (I can't remember), Shot's fired, rewind, please girl be mine
Email denied, talk to me baby
Before we go crazy, might do it maybe
We were so Jay Z & Beyonce, my aunt say "keep the sex game picante"
So Aunt May, the Mary Jane that I was hitting on
We were trying to forget there was something wrong
Love is Russian roulette, I had the safety on
We popped pills at the Coachella
Put my hand in the weeds, man I can't tell her
The fear that I feel man it might kill her
Man it might kill her, it's the prep school mic killa'
With the drums and the groove so it feel Dilla
I don't care what he say
I'm a get my platinum back like I'm a half ton gorilla
You can hang, but homie, on the low
But your boy sound weak like a week ago
But we ain't speaking though
Tuesday afternoon, I ain't got shit to do
But fall in love with you
Love me better, kiss me back, Listen more oh
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Yeah, no no no


I hope you understand, I hope you understand
I hope you understand now
When that beat drop
Oh no no no
(I hope you understand) I hope you understand
Cause everywhere I go
Everything I see
I just hope you understand

Won't let me call in the back
Why is he calling me black?
Why ain't you calling me back?
I was making Japanese
And she's watching DVDs
In Oakland, in Oakland
Now I'm driving up the 5
And she waits till I arrive
In Oakland, in Oakland
Everything, that I wanted
Only gotta drive for the moment
If you tell me "turn around," then I'm on it
For the moment, but you know me
You know how I get when I'm lonely
I think about you and the moments
But everything you do is so Oakland, so Oakland

Foot on the gas
I'm just trying to pass
All the red lights
And the stop signs
I'm ready to go
Before I get to The Bay
Babe, that's a problem
Because I'm way too scared to call
And you might get me to stay, no

I don't really want to drive
But I think I'd rather die
In Oakland, in Oakland
With my hands on two and ten
So I guess it all depends
On Oakland, on Oakland
And I'm nervous, truth be told
I never saw me growing old
In Oakland, in Oakland
And if I married you tonight
It would probably start a riot
In Oakland, in Oakland

Everything, that I needed
Now I finally got you in your feelings
Everything you won't say, you tweet it
And a  don’t like that shit at all
So retreating
Can we just roll with the feeling?
Can we just roll for a minute?
Wait a minute

Foot on the gas
I'm just tryna pass
All the red lights
And the stop signs
I'm ready to go
I'm really not ready girl
That's a problem
Cause I'm way too scared to fall
And I know that you choose to stay, no

All the girlfriends saying "here we go again"
Rich kid but he act like a gentleman
Last one didn't end like it should've been
Two dates and he still wanna get it in
And you're saying it's because of the Internet
Try once and it's on to the next chick
X-O the O face on your exes...right?
And we can do the same thing if you wanna have better
When your thoughts can't breathe and you thinking asthmatic
And you wanna be a mom and I wasn't mad at her
I was thinking 'bout me, I'd be really bad at it
Cause I'm thinking 'bout me, weeks in Dubai
Fourth of July, house in Kauai, yeah we can try
So let's try

Whoa
I took off my nine to five
But you still don't have the time to kiss me (just hit me)
And if I left you all alone, would you still pick up the phone
It's iffy, you miss me
I got furniture to move, and we'll both be thirty soon
In Oakland, in Oakland
The only one I know is you, so the fuck I'm supposed to do?
In Oakland, in Oakland
Watching haters wonder why Gambino got the game locked
Half-Thai thickie, all she wanna do is Bangkok
Got her hair done, French braids, now she A$AP
Bino so insensitive, she asking, "Why you say that?!"
I'm chillin', real  feeling
Rich kid, asshole: paint me as a villain
Still spitting that cash flow: DJ Khaled
I got a penthouse on both coasts, pH balance
Real , I rep those, why though? Cause I said so
Hip deep in the Pepto, I got five on her like Ben Folds
I got more tail than that PetCo, you faker than some Sweet'N Low
Yeah, you got some silverware, but really are you eating though?
Are you eating though? , are you eating though?
Breakfast, lunch and dinner's for beginners, you ain't even know
Never catching cases, why they faces look so e-m-o?
Watch a hater hate me, wanna play me like a piano
My architect know Japanese, yo' girl, she chalky knees
No hands like soccer teams and y'all fuck boys like Socrates
You s ain't copping these, s ain't looking like me
Nah, I ain't checking I.D. but I bounce 'em with no problem
Tell 'em, Problem (Problem!)

I'm winnin', yeah, yeah, I'm winnin'
Rich kid, asshole, paint me as a villain


Don't be mad cause I'm doing me better than you doing you
Better than you doing you, fuck it, what you gon' do?


Different color, my passport, Instagram my stack load
Hashtag my day wear and your girl drink my day care.
And I'm born rich, life ain't fair (silver spoon coon, ho)
Ain't nobody sicker and my Fisker "vroom, vroom, " ho
Ain't nobody
Fiskers don't make noise when they start up, just so you know
Top of the Hold 'em totem, rich forever, a million was not the quota
My father owned half of MoMA and did it with no diploma
Year off, got no rules, tripping off of them toadstools
More green than my Whole Foods and I'm too fly, Jeff Goldblum
Got a glass house in the Palisades, that a-k-a
White hood, white hood, (okay-kay-kay)
Furniture custom, you shop at IKEA
So Maserati, you whipping a Kia
Spending this money, it's longer than Nia
Live like a Coppola, me and Sofia
Waking up broke, man, wouldn't wanna be ya
Friends with the dope man, help a  re-up
Bring a girlfriend, man, trouble when I see her
"Err-err-err-err": onomatopoeia, oh, I got my cool on! (tailormade)
I'm winning so they had to dump the Gatorade
And I don't give a fuck about my family name
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other s, I'll be right by your side
Till 3005, hold up


Hold up, wait a minute, all good just a week ago
Crew at my house and we party every weekend so
On the radio, that's my favorite song
Made me bounce around, like I don't know, like I won't be here long
Now the thrill is gone
Got no patience, cause I'm not a doctor
Girl why is you lying, girl why you Mufasa
Yeah, mi casa su casa, gotta strip it like Gaza
Got so high off volcanoes, now the flow is so lava
Yeah, we spit that saliva, iPhone got message from Viber
Either the head is so hydra, or we let bygones be bygones
"My God, you pay for your friends?" I'll take that as a compliment
Got a house full of homies, why I feel so the opposite?
Incompetent ain't the half of it
Saturdays with young lavishes
Saddest shit, is I'm bad as it
These they took from the cabinet (woah)
Sorry, I'm just scared of the future
Till 3005, I got your back, we can do this, hold up

No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other s, I'll be right by your side
Till 3005
Hold up (hold up)


I used to care what people thought
But now I care more
I mean nobody out here's got it figured out
So therefore, I've lost all hope of a happy ending
Depending on whether or not it's worth it
So insecure, no one's perfect
We spend it, with no shame
We blow that, like Coltrane
We in here, like Rogain
Or leave it, like Cobain
And when I'm long gone, whole crew sing a swan song
Cause we all just ticking time bombs, got a lambo like Lebron's mom
And no matter where all of my friends go
Emily, Fam, and Lorenzo
All of them people my kinfolk
At least I think so
Can't tell
Cause when them checks clear, they're not here
Cause they don't care
It's kinda sad, but I'm laughing whatever happens
Assassins are stabbed in the back of my cabin
Labrador yapping
I'm glad that it happened, I mean it
Between us, I think there's something special
And if I lose my mental, just hold my hand
Even if you don't understand, hold up
We gon' have a party
All my friends will be there
We drink all vodka
There's music everywhere
Now wait a minute (wait a minute) do you like to party?
Cause if you don't, don't come over here
We got smoking (blue dream)
Drinking (Cocaine)
Fucking
I wanna show you what it is

Thought I was done but that wasn't the case
Got a new stack that I threw in your face
Got a new girl and she look Mila Kunis
Infinity pool, and a statue that's Buddhist
Got bottles and bottles and bottles of Grino
Saw I was rich, now they fuckin' with 'Bino
Brown leather bag, the vacation Messina
The boat in the harbor, I rule the marina
10K for the drinks, now they say I'm insane
It's been that for a minute, now Hedi Slimane
I been black, lucrative, since Danity Kane
Who came back for a minute, now everything changed
High as a kite, lime in the light
Y'all s might whine every night
I ain't invite all these people to my motherfuckin' house
Get the fuck out of my house!
Don't go, gotta know
Please don't run away
I'm a murderer
What can I say?
Don't go, gotta know
Please don't run away
I'm a murderer
What does that change?

Can't sleep
3 A.M., stare at the ceilin', murder the feelin'
Spider crawl in the corner, brown recluse
So appropriate, cornucopia
So be it, say I'm over it
Playin' Lil Durk, "Dis Ain't What U Want"
Look at my feet, I put my sneakers in the trunk
Pass a Fatburger through Atwater village
Laugh for a minute, couldn't cry for the life of me
Park by the bridge, sit on the hood, look at the cars
Stare at my hands, look at the moon, I can't find it, it's gone
What's wrong? Didn't respond when I texted you last night, you alright?
Yeah

Man there's a star bound to a body inside of me
20 million degrees, burn a man to his knees
Late at night in a hurry bought a McFlurry and half of an apple pie
When I'm laughin' I'm satisfied, when I'm dyin', I'm still alive, strange position
I'm in a good mood...so good I'mma kill that spider
In spite of the kinda things they told me bein' alone don't mean that you lonely
Alone means that you finally get it, admit it

Go home, lock up the door, fold up the clothes
Watch cartoons for an hour, turn off the lights
I had a dream
I had a dream I was flying over all of us
There were so many pretty people
So many pretty faces
I talked to some birds
I fell in love again
And none of this ever ended
Everything just kept going, and going and going
And even when you laughed, when you cried
And even when you were sad you were really happy
Because you were here
And I got to meet every star, every planet
Everything that made me
And we all kissed
And became the same
We became the same
We became the same

Who would have thought this
We almost lost it
When you lie inside darkness it's hard to see
And we sleep in tradition
Keep them off in the distance
To tell you that I haven't been


We are all
Cold water
Why try at all?
Why bother?

Just hold me close my darling

Who would have dreamed this?
You couldn't mean this
It would be some type of meanness to where you are
Cause I don't know where to go
And no one else seems to know

We are all
Night's fallen
Why try at all?
Dark callin'

So we're left alone
No one left to call upon
Be still now, broken bones
As I travel on just hold me close my darling
When we were coming down they said it was too soon
I never had to lie no no no no
We were coming down, they left us all alone
Way to nowhere, nowhere. I know you've been around
I feel you in and out, how are you?
Do you sleep? Are you with me?
We used to be unspoken
Now everything is broken
I'm a good son
I'm a good son
You're a good son
You're a good son

Arlanda hotel to the bar
Young girl with an accent with her back bent
Ass out to the whole world
We can buy it out for tonight
Stepping outside for a light
No coke, and I just smoke vapor, no papers
Slow poke and I don't know about photos
Let's go though
How old are you?
Saying that you never date older dudes
That's why I never wanna say no to you
The coldest dude to hold a grove with no kids
Can't hold his goose
I'ma walk out; wanna walk too?
What about dude?
Fuck it, I just really wanna feel something

It took me like five minutes to figure out what voices those were on the phone
But it figured it out...

Is it real, cause you're online?


I'm a freaky bitch
I'm 5 foot 8. 390
And I am a freaky bitch

Heathen
It's a struggle just to keep breathing
Existential asthmatic, puff puff pass addict
Crafmatic, making moves but they sleeping on me
We can kick it like it's FIFA, homie
Nevertheless, I got that fresh like it was Crest
Crying cause I'm stressed. TMJ or TMI, it's a lie that you're living
I never understood the hate on a 's preference
When every marriage is a same sex marriage
Same sex everyday, monotonous
Lost god never pray, forgotten us
Lost love, never say it just like our parents
Too much power ain't enough power
Brain splattered like I've fallen off a Watchtower
And anybody can walk into any Denny's
And wait until I'm walking in it with a gun that they 3D printed and I finish it
Kinison said if you gonna miss heaven...
Why do it by two inches?
Old money and new bitches
watch them all pass by
The moon & the stars
Let me hold you in my arms, for evermore
These cold nights, the park is ours
Standing, by the side
Let you go, on to the sea, just for me
Don't ever limit my love

Keep holding on
Let the modest go
As my mind goes to and fro
Waking up for one more show
We see him in the night
Tell him I'm not afraid of him

I'm not afraid of them
Cause I won't know
How could you ever question? They know better to mention
The Budget truck ain't just enough to make her pay attention
The who, what, why, and where, they sport the flyest pairs
She got the nicest hair, and she know life is better with this liquor
It's crazy how the world look different
It's crazy how the girls look different
The colors and the sounds so vivid
You never catch your boy bo-bimbin'
Me sittin' on the sidewalk, now that don't sound right
But as long as I look fly by prom night, go
He slangs, his yay, through the corridors
Every day, 20 K, yep, at the very least for sure
And they say there's no way I should stay with someone like you
But I tell them no
There's no way I could stray, gotta stay with someone like you
Cause I know one day, you could take me away, far away
I know you could pay all the money you make
There'll be plenty of sunshine
When the world was with this and that
I was young, didn't know to hold it back
Now we here and the world is something else
We could leave any day you call for help
We were gods, nobody was above me
That "A" on my chest like adultery
That "A" on my chest, put your fist up
That "A" on my chest like a chipmunk
Alvin, Theodore
Breathe in, breathe out, mi amor
Breathe in, breathe out, nevermind
It was time, number nine, lies
Feline with a deathwish
E-vite didn't help shit
No name on the guest list
Hold on, we're destined

See now I don't wanna see an era (an era)
See now I just wanna live forever
Maybe it's the last night

Yeah, break free from all of the insides
They godless, denied us
But we don't give a damn about the next day
We were never here, never know if the world change
Common sense, the consequences
Retweet the tweet then regret the mentions
We are the wireless survivors of things gone
Slaves to the unnamed, never live long
Live and die by the line, never know fear
Even I won't survive, is it unfair?
Is it unfair? Cause I don't care
When I step on that ant on the grass
Progress the only thing that will last
3005. The year that we fear, only God will survive
To be alone is alive
Man made the web, you don't need a name
Man made of faults, I ain't too ashamed
Every thought I had, put it in a box
Everybody see it just before the cops
Trolling, trolling, trolling these s
Rick Rolling these s, they mad cause they don't know any better
"Hold up, it's the kid, quick, tell him he can't sit with us"
Fuck it, got money, bought friends like I'm TBS
VVS, I can see it all with the clarity
Real-D, hope they dig a  before they bury me
Even though, we were told to go where they wouldn't go
Hella slow, that's that dial up, watch it pile up
We are the dreams of our parents lost in the future
Who hide the deepest desires and wear a mask like a lucha-
Door open, we were smoking in the hotel
The vapors went through the hallway, the manager pissed as hell
I mean where's the line between Donnie G and Gambino?
He hang with girls like he Lena, but needed some time to re up
Tequila in the cantina, 30 dollars I swallowed
The sauce was so malo then she said "you need to grow up
You been doing this for too long
That camp was a million years ago, sing me a different song"
Whether you're trolling or controlling, just a reminder
You think you get it, you don't, it's the Andrew Auernheimer
I'm gone - now I'm back
Give a fuck or give 'em hell, just not a chance to react
Tyler Durden this burden, hurtin', they said there was curtains
Certain demise, look in his eyes, the pain inadvertent
I could've stayed where I was and have a life you'd be proud of
But I'd rather chase things never thought of
It was all love, saying "go hard"
Making dope, it's a trap, Ackbar backfired
Panic dreams, so it seems we're meant to die
I had to figure it out; "it's the best," no, that's a lie
Had to get some stuff off my chest, I vaporized
High on my own, it took time to realize
Because the internet, mistakes are forever
But if we fuck up on this journey at least we're together
Man, I wish I could go back and tell that kid it's make-believe
Make 'em believe in themselves, people who needed my help
Feelings I felt, keeling myself
No one's ever been this lost
I just get the information retweeted or say it sucks
I just got the motivation, your talent's just a bunch of luck
Hard work and dedication, but lately it's run amok
Waking up in these places I don't remember
Texts from people I never met, doors left open
(Who are you? Don't do it. Who are you?)
I don't know who I am anymore
Still on the beat though
Still in the game, but he moves with a cheat code
Slowest connection ever, my life inside a computer
Them bands that'll make 'em dance, my wallet's Lollapalooza
The violence, first-person shooter
First person to move, first person to speak
My mils aren't meek, they scream in the streets
Losing my frame of reference, these pieces are shit with breakfast
Funny the day you born that's really your death sentence
I met this girl at a dinner, we conversating
She beautiful in the face, but her voice is truly amazing
And plus she write her own shit, becoming so close knit
Smoke up and talking to eat, she helping me focus
No Anna Nicole Smith, she getting hers
s taking props like a musical live and learn
She say she feel alone all the time, I'm similar
I meet her in my dreams on the moon, I visit her
Every night I text her "I wanna solve the world, I think I need your help"
She text me "how you gon' trust somebody when you don't trust yourself?"
I mean she right though, 45 like a light-bulb
And I could've died like my iPhone, but I kept going like a psycho
And I took chance like a dice roll, dropping jewels like it's puberty
Wrote a note on the glass, "you see what these labels do to me"
Texts said "I'm Wet", I said "hold up, wait up a minute"
H2O plus my D, that's the hood I'm living in it
Never forget this feeling, never gonna reach a million
Eventually all my followers realize they don't need a leader
Stay on your own shit, fuck what these clones think
Just remember that you the shit, but act like it don't stink
We were childish but had to grow up
When you spitting real shit eventually you throw up
Realities like allergies, I'm afraid to go nuts
Life's the biggest troll but the joke is on us
Yeah, the joke's you showed up
You're here now. You have to help me
You have to help me
I need you. You have to help me
You have to help me
You have to help me
Please help me
Please help me
Please
Please help me
am an American aquarium drinker
I assassin down the avenue
I'm hiding out in the big city blinking
What was I thinking when I let go of you?

Let's forget about the tongue-tied lightning
Let's undress just like cross-eyed strangers
This is not a joke, so please stop smiling
What was I thinking when I said it didn't hurt?

I want to glide through those brown eyes dreaming
Take it from the inside, baby hold on tight
You were so right when you said that I've been drinking
What was I thinking when I said good night?

I want to hold you in the Bible-black predawn
You're quite a quiet domino, bury me now
Take off your Band-Aid because I don't believe in touchdowns
What was I thinking when I said hello?

I'd always thought that if I held you tightly
You'd always love me like you did back then
Then I fell asleep and the city kept blinking
What was I thinking when I let you back in?

I am trying to break your heart
I am trying to break your heart
But still I'd be lying if I said it wasn't easy
I am trying to break your heart

Disposable Dixie-cup drinking
I assassin down the avenue
I'm hiding out in the big city blinking
What was I thinking when I let go of you?

loves you
I'm the man who loves you
I need a camera to my eye
To my eye, reminding
Which lies I have been hiding
which echoes belong
I've counted out days
to see how far
I've driven in the dark
with echoes in my heart

Phone my family, tell them I'm lost
on the sidewalk
and, no, it's not OK

I smashed a camera
I wanna know why
To my eye deciding
which lies i have been hiding
Which echoes belong
I'm counting on
a heart I know by heart
to walk me through this war
Memories distort

Phone my family, tell them I'm lost
on the sidewalk
and, no, it's not OK

I've counted out
and no one knows how far
I've driven in the dark
with echoes in my heart

Phone my family, tell them I'm lost
Yeah, I'm lost
and, no, it's not OK
Cheer up, honey, I hope you can
There is something wrong with me
My mind is filled with silvery stars
Honey, kisses, clouds of fog
Shoulders shrugging off

Cheer up, honey, I hope you can
There is something wrong wit h me
My mind is filled with radio cures
Electronic surgical words

Picking apples for kings and queens of things I have never seen
Oh, distance has no way of making love understandable

Cheer up, honey, I hope you can
There is something wrong with me
My mind is filled with silvery stars
Honey, kisses, clouds of fog

Picking apples for the kings and queens of things I've never seen
Oh, distance has no way of making love understandable
Oh, distance has no way of making love understandable
Oh, distance has no way of making love understandable
Oh, distance the way of making love understandable
Oh, distance the way of making love understandable

Cheer up honey, I hope you can...
There's a war on

You're gonna lose
You have to lose
You have to learn how to die

Just watching the miles flying by
Just watching the miles flying by
You are not my typewriter
But you could be my demon
moving forward through the flaming doors

You have to lose
You have to learn how to die
if you want to want to be alive, okay?

You have to lose
You have to lose
You have to learn how to die
if you want to want to be alive

You have to die
You have to die
You have to learn how to die
if you want to want to be alive, okay?
Jesus, don't cry
You can rely on me, honey
You can combine anything you want
I'll be around
You were right about the stars
Each one is a setting sun

Tall buildings shake
Voices escape singing sad sad songs
tuned to chords
Strung down your cheeks
Bitter melodies turning your orbit around

Don't cry
You can rely on me honey
You can come by any time you want
I'll be around
You were right about the stars
Each one is a setting sun

Tall buildings shake
Voices escape singing sad sad songs
tuned to chords
Strung down your cheeks
Bitter melodies turning your orbit around

Voices whine
Skyscrapers are scraping together
Your voice is smoking
Last cigarettes are all you can get
Turning your orbit around
The cash machine is blue and green
For a bundle of twenties and a small service fee
I could spend three dollars and sixty-three cents
On Diet Coca-Cola and unlit cigarettes
I wonder why we listen to poets when nobody gives a fuck
How hot and sorrowful, the machine begs for luck

All my lies are always wishes
I know I would die if I could come back new

We want a good life with a nose for things
the fresh wind and bright sky to endure my suffering
I'm a hole without a key if I break my tongue
Oh, speaking of tomorrow, how will it ever come?

All my lies are always wishes
I know I would die if I could come back new

I'm down on my hands and knees
every time I hear a doorbell ring
I shake like a toothache
every time I hear myself sing

All my lies are only wishes
I know I would die if I could come back new

I would like to salute
the ashes of American flags
And all the fallen leaves
filling up shopping bags
I sincerely miss those heavy metal bands
I used to go see on the landing in the summer
She fell in love with the drummer
She fell in love with the drummer
She fell in love

Shiny, shiny pants and bleach-blond hair
A double kick drum by the river in the summer
She fell in love with the drummer
Another and another
She fell in love

I miss the innocence I've known
Playing KISS covers, beautiful and stoned

Unlock my body and move myself to dance
Moving warm liquid, flowing blowing glass
Classical music blasting masks the ringing in my ears

I sincerely miss those heavy metal bands
I used to go see on the landing in the summer
She fell in love with the drummer
She fell in love with another
She fell in love

I miss the innocence I've known
Playing KISS covers, beautiful and stoned
Playing KISS covers, beautiful and stoned
Playing KISS covers, beautiful and stoned
All I can see is black and white
and white and pink with blades of blue
that lay between the words I think
on a page I was meaning to send her
You I couldn't tell if it bring my heart
the way I wanted when I started
writing this letter to you

If I could you know I would
just hold your hand and you'd understand
I'm the man who loves you

All I can be is a busy sea of
spinning wheels and hands that feel
for stones to throw and feet that run but
they come back home, make no difference
ever known, make no difference
ever known to me

If I could you know I would
just hold your hand and you'd understand
I'm the man who loves you

All I can see is black and white
and white and pink with blades of blue
that lay between the words I think
on a page I was meaning to send her
You I couldn't tell if it bring my heart
the way I wanted when I started
writing this letter to you

If I could you know I would
just hold your hand and you'd understand
If I could you know I would
just hold your hand and you'd understand
If I could you know I would
just hold your hand and you'd understand
I'm the man who loves you
I'm the man who loves you
Crazy rides rockets
Who has a magic wand
Empty out your pockets
Words without a song

I myself have found a real rival in myself
I am hoping for a re-arrival of my health

Sleeping eye sockets
Baby suck your thumb
I'll keep you in my locket
A string I never strum

It's become so obvious
You are so oblivious to yourself

You're tied in a knot
But I'm not gonna get caught
Calling a pot kettle black
Every song's a comeback
Every moment's a little bit later

Lazy locomotives
wherever you may roll
I think you have no motive
I know you have no home

It's become so obvious
You are so oblivious to yourself

You're tied in a knot
But I'm not gonna get caught
Calling a pot kettle black
Every song's a comeback
Every moment's a little bit later
Every moment's a little bit later
Every moment's a little bit later
Every moment's a little bit later
It's my father's voice dreaming of
Sailors sailing off in the morning
for the air-conditioned rooms
at the top of the stairs

His jaw's been broken
his bandage is wrapped too tight
his fangs have been pulled
and i really want to see you tonight

There's Bourbon on the breath
of the singer you love so much
He takes all his words from the books
that you don't read anyway

His jaw's been broken
his bandage is wrapped too tight
My fangs have been pulled
and I really want to see you tonight

Someone ties a bow
in my backyard to show me love
My voice is climbing walls
smoking and i want love

My jaw's been broken
My heart is wrapped in ice
My fangs have been pulled
and i really want to see you tonight

And it makes no difference to me
how they cried all over overseas
It's hot in the poor places tonight
I'm not going outside

They cried all over overseas
It makes no difference to me
It's hot in the poor places tonight
I'm not going outside
How can I convince you it's me I don't like
And not be so indifferent to the look in your eyes
When I've always been distant
And I've always told lies for love

I'm bound by these choices so hard to make
I'm bound by the feeling so easy to fake
None of this is real enough to take me from you

Oh I've got reservations
About so many things
But not about you

I know this isn't what you were wanting me to say
How can I get closer and be further away
From the truth that proves it's beautiful to lie

I've got reservations
About so many things
But not about you
I've reservations
About so many things
But not about you
Not about you
Not about you
Not about you
It's not about you
Kid A, Kid A, Kid A, Kid A
Everything, everything, everything, everything..
In its right place
In its right place
In its right place
Right place

Yesterday I woke up sucking a lemon
Yesterday I woke up sucking a lemon
Yesterday I woke up sucking a lemon
Yesterday I woke up sucking a lemon

Everything, everything, everything..
In its right place
In its right place
Right place

There are two colours in my head
There are two colours in my head
What is that you tried to say?
What was that you tried to say?
Tried to say.. tried to say..
Tried to say.. tried to say..

Everything in its right place
I slipped away
I slipped on a little white lie

We got heads on sticks
You got ventriloquists
We got heads on sticks
You got ventriloquists

Standing in the shadows at the end of my bed

Rats and children follow me out of town
Rats and children follow me out of town
Come on kids...
Everyone
Everyone around here
Everyone is so near
What's going on?
What's going on?

Everyone
Everyone is so near
Everyone has got the fear
It's holding on
It's holding on
That there, that's not me
I go where I please
I walk through walls
I float down the Liffey

I'm not here
This isn't happening
I'm not here, I'm not here

In a little while
I'll be gone
The moment's already passed
Yeah, it's gone

I'm not here
This isn't happening
I'm not here, I'm not here

Strobe lights and blown speakers
Fireworks and hurricanes

I'm not here
This isn't happening
I'm not here, I'm not here....
Flies are buzzing around my head
Vultures circling the dead
Picking up every last crumb
The big fish eat the little ones
The big fish eat the little ones
Not my problem give me some

You can try the best you can
If you try the best you can
The best you can is good enough


This one's optimistic
This one went to market
This one just came out of the swamp
This one dropped a payload
Fodder for the animals
Living on an animal farm

If you try the best you can
If you try the best you can
The best you can is good enough


I'd really like to help you man
I'd really like to help you man.....
Nervous messed up marionette
Floating around on a prison ship

If you try the best you can
If you try the best you can
The best you can is good enough
If you try the best you can
If you try the best you can
I'm the first in the Irish Sea
Another message I can't read

I'm on your side
Nowhere to hide
Trapdoors that open
I spiral down

You're living in a fantasy world
You're living in a fantasy world

I'm lost at sea
Don't bother me
I've lost my way
I've lost my way

You're living in a fantasy world
This beautiful world I'm the first in the Irish Sea
Another message I can't read
Who's in bunker, who's in bunker?
Women and children first
Women and children first
Women and children
I'll laugh until my head comes off
I swallow till I burst
Until I burst
Until I..

Who's in bunker, who's in bunker
I've seen too much
I haven't seen enough
You haven't seen enough
I'll laugh until my head comes off
Women and children first
And children first
And children..

Here I'm allowed, everything all of the time
Here I'm allowed, everything all of the time

Ice age coming, ice age coming
Let me hear both sides
Let me hear both sides
Let me hear both..

Ice age coming, ice age coming
Throw me in the fire
Throw me in the fire
Throw me in the..

We're not scaremongering
This is really happening, happening
We're not scaremongering
This is really happening, happening

Mobiles working
Mobiles chirping
Take the money and run
Take the money and run
Take the money..

Here I'm allowed, everything all of the time
Background:
The first of the children
Morning bell
Morning bell
Light another candle
Release me
Release me

You can keep the furniture
A bump on the head
Coming down the chimney
Release me
Release me
Please........
Release me
Release me

Where'd you park the car?
Where'd you park the car?
Clothes are all over the furniture
Now I might as well
I might as well
Sleepy jack the fire drill
Run around around around around around....

Cut the kids in half

The lights are on but nobody's home
Everybody wants to be a
The lights are on but nobody's home
Nobody wants to be a slave
Walking walking walking walking...

The lights are on but nobody's home
Everybody wants to be a
Everyone wants to be a friend
Nobody wants to be a slave
Walking walking walking walking...
Red wine and sleeping pills
Help me get back to your arms
Cheap sex and sad films
Help me get where I belong

I think you're crazy, maybe
I think you're crazy, maybe

Stop sending letters
Letters always get burned
It's not like the movies
They fed us on little white lies

I think you're crazy, maybe
I think you're crazy, maybe

I will see you in the next life

[Early version has a second verse:]

Beautiful angel
Pulled apart at birth
Limbless and helpless
I can't even recognize you

I think you're crazy, maybe

I will see you in the next life
And if the snow buries my...
My neighborhood

And if my parents are crying,
Then I'll dig a tunnel from my window to yours
Yeah, a tunnel from my window to yours

You climb out the chimney
And meet me in the middle
The middle of the town
And since there's no one else around,
We let our hair grow long and forget all we used to know
Then our skin gets thicker from living out in the snow

You change all the lead sleeping in my head
As the day grows dim, I hear you sing a golden hymn...

Then, we tried to name our babies
But we forgot all the names that,
The names we used to know
But sometimes,
We remember our bedrooms and our parent's bedrooms and the bedrooms of our friends
Then we think of our parents...
Well, whatever happened to them?!

You change all the lead sleeping in my head to gold
As the day grows dim, I hear you sing a golden hymn
It's the song I've been trying to sing...

Purify the colors, purify my mind
Purify the colors, purify my mind
And spread the ashes of the colors over this heart of mine!
Alexander, our older brother
Set out for a great adventure
He tore our images out of his pictures
He scratched our names out of all his letters

Our mother should've just named you Laika...

Come on, Alex. You can do it!
Come on, Alex. There's nothing to it!
If you want something, don't ask for nothing!
If you want nothing, don't ask for something!

Our mother should've just named you Laika...
It's for your own good
It's for the neighborhood...
The neighborhood!

Our older brother bit by a vampire
For a year, we caught his tears in a cup
And now we're gonna make him drink it
Come on, Alex. Don't die or dry up!

Our mother should've just named you Laika
It's for your own good
It's for the neighborhood...
The neighborhood!

When daddy comes home, you always start a fight
So the neighbors can dance in the police disco lights

The police disco lights
Now the neighbors can dance!
The police disco lights
Now the neighbors can dance!
Hey! the street lights all burnt out
une année sans lumière
je monte un cheval
qui porte des oeillères
hey! my eyes are shooting sparks
la nuit, mes yeux t'éclairent
ne dis pas à ton père
qu'il porte des oeillères
hey, your old man should know
if you see a shadow, there's something there
I woke up with the power out
Not really something to shout about
Ice has covered up my parents hands
Don't have any dreams, don't have any plans

I went out into the night
I went out to find some light
Kids are swingin' from the power lines
Nobody's home, so nobody minds

I woke up on the darkest night
Neighbors all were shoutin' that they found the light
"We found the light!"
Shadows jumpin' all over my walls
Some of them big, some of them small

I went out into the night
I went out to pick a fight with anyone
Light a candle for the kids
Jesus Christ don't keep it hid!

Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!

Ice has covered up my parents hands
Don't have any dreams, don't have any plans
Growin' up in some strange storm
Nobody's cold, nobody's warm

I went out into the night
I went out to find some light
Kids are dyin' out in the snow,
Look at them go, look at them go!

Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!
Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!

And the power's out
In the heart of man
Take it from your heart
Put it in your hand

What's the plan? What's the plan?

Is it a dream? Is it a lie?
I think I'll let you deceide
Just light a candle for the kids
Jesus Christ don't keep it hid!

'Cause nothin's hid
From us kids
You ain't foolin' nobody
With the lights out!

Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!

And the power's out
In the heart of man
Take it from your heart
Put it in your hand

And there's something wrong
In the heart of man
Take it from your heart
Put it in your hand

Where'd you go?!

I am waitin' 'til I don't know when,
cause I'm sure it's gonna happen then.
Time keeps creepin' through the neighborhood,
killing old folks, wakin' up babies
just like we knew it would.

All the neighbors are startin' up a fire,
burning all the old folks the witches and the liars.
My eyes are covered by the hands of my unborn kids,
but my heart keeps watchin'
through the skin of my eyelids.

They say a watched pot won't ever boil,
well I closed my eyes and nothin' changed,
just some water getting hotter in the flames.

It's not a lover I want no more,
and it's not heaven I'm pining for,
but there's some spirit I used to know,
that's been drowned out by the radio!

They say a watched pot won't ever boil,
you can't raise a baby on motor oil,
just like a seed down in the soil
you gotta give it time
They say it fades if you let it
Love was made to forget it
I carved your name across my eyelids
You pray for rain, I pray for blindness

If you still want me, please forgive me
The crown of love is falling from me.
If you still want me, please forgive me
Because the spark is not within me.

I snuffed it out before my mom walked in my bedroom.
The only thing that you keep changin' is your name
My love keeps growin' still the same
Just like a cancer
And you won't give me a straight answer.

If you still want me, please forgive me
The crown of love is falling from me.
If you still want me, please forgive me
Because your hands are not upon me.

I shrugged them off before my mom walked in my bedroom.
The pains of love
And they keep growin',
In my heart there's flowers growin'
On the grave of our old love
Since you gave me a straight answer.

If you still want me, please forgive me
The crown of love is not upon me.
If you still want me, please forgive me,
Because the spark is not within me.
It's not within me.
It's not within me.
You gotta be the one,
You gotta be the way,
Your name is the only word that I can say!
You gotta be the one,
You gotta be the way,
Your name is the only word,
The only word that I can say!
Only word that I can say!
Somethin’ filled up
my heart with nothin’.
Someone told me not to cry.

But now that I’m older,
my heart’s colder,
and I can see that it’s a lie.

Children, wake up.
Hold your mistake up
before they turn the summer into dust.

If the children don’t grow up,
our bodies get bigger but our hearts get torn up.
We’re just a million little gods causin' rain storms,
turnin’ every good thing to rust.

I guess we’ll just have to adjust.

With my lightnin’ bolts a glowin’,
I can see where I am goin’ to be
when the reaper he reaches and touches my hand.

With my lightnin’ bolts a glowin’,
I can see where I am goin’.
With my lightnin’ bolts a glowin’,
I can see where I am go -- goin’!

You better look out below
Haïti, mon pays,
Wounded mother I'll never see
Ma famille set me free.
Throw my ashes into the sea.

Mes cousins jamais nés
Hantent les nuits de Duvalier.
Rien n'arrête nos esprits.
Guns can't kill what soldiers can't see.

In the forest we are hiding,
Unmarked graves where flowers grow.
Hear the soldiers angry yelling,
In the river we will go.

Tous les morts-nés forment une armée
Soon we will reclaim the earth.
All the tears and all the bodies
Bring about our second birth

Haïti, never free,
N'aie pas peur de sonner l'alarme.
Tes enfants sont partis,
In those days their blood was still warm.
Sleeping is giving in
No matter what the time is
Sleeping is giving in
So lift those heavy eyelids

People say that you'll die
Faster than without water
But we know it's just a lie
Scare your son and scare your daughter

People say that your dreams are the only things that save ya
Come on baby in our dreams, we can live our misbehaviour

Every time you close your eyes (Lies, lies)
Every time you close your eyes

People try and hide the night
Underneath the covers
People try and hide the light
Underneath the covers
Come on hide your lovers, underneath the covers
Come on hide your lovers, underneath the covers
Hidin' from your brothers, underneath the covers
Come on hide your lovers underneath the covers

People say that you'll die
Faster than without water
But we know it's just a lie
Scare your son and scare your daughter
Scare your son and scare your daughter
Scare your son and scare your daughter

Now here's the sun, it's alright! (Lies, lies)
Now here's the moon, it's alright! (Lies, lies)
Now here's the sun, it's alright! (Lies, lies)
Now here's the moon, it's alright! (Lies, lies)

Every time you close your eyes (Lies, lies)

Every time you close your eyes
Every time you close your eyes
Every time you close your eyes
I like the peace
In the backseat
I don't have to drive
I don't have to speak
I can watch the countryside
And I can fall asleep

My family tree's
Losing all its leaves
Crashing towards the driver's seat
The lightning bolt made enough heat
To melt the street beneath your feet

Alice died
In the night
I've been learning to drive
My whole life
I've been learning

I like the peace
In the back-seat
I don't have to drive
I don't have to speak
I can watch the countryside

Alice died
In the night
I've been learning to drive
My whole life
I've been learning
The night is long since you went away
I dream about you all through the day
My buddy, my buddy, no buddy quite so true.
(Hey that's a wrong note,
And that's a wrong note,
And tune up that G string,
And that's better, that's better, that's better)
Miss your voice, the touch of your hand
I long to know that you understand
My buddy, my buddy, your buddy misses you
Brazil, where hearts were entertaining June
We stood beneath an amber moon
And softly whispered, "Someday soon"
We kissed and clung together

Then - tomorrow was another day
The morning found us miles away
With still a million things to say
And now, the twilight moves the skies above
Recalling thrills of our love
There's one thing I'm certain of
Return, I will, to old Brazil

Brazil, where hearts were entertaining June
We stood beneath an amber moon
And softly whispered, "Someday soon"
We kissed and clung together

Then - tomorrow was another day
The morning found us miles away
With still a million things to say
And now when twilight moves the skies above
Recalling thrills of our love
There's one thing I'm certain of
Return, I will, to old Brazil
Everything that keeps me together is falling apart,
I've got this thing that I consider my only art of fucking people over
My boss just quit the job says he's goin' out to find blind spots and he'll do it
The 3rd Planet is sure that they're being watched by an eye in the sky that can't be stopped
When you get to the promise land your gonna shake that eye's hand
Your heart felt good it was drippin' pitch and made of wood
And your hands and knees felt cold and wet on the grass to me
Outside naked, shiverin' looking blue, from the cold sunlight that's reflected off the moon
Baby cum angels fly around you reminding you we used to be three and not just two
And that's how the world began
And that's how the world will end
A 3rd had just been made and we were swimming in the water, didn't know then was it a son was it a daughter
When it occurred to me that the animals are swimming around in the water in the oceans in our bodies and another had been found another ocean on the planet given that our blood is just like the Atlantic
And how
The universe is shaped exactly like the earth if you go straight long enough you'll end up where you were
Oh gotta see, gotta know right now
What's that riding on your everything?
It isn't anything at all
Oh gotta see, gotta know right now
What's that writing on your shelf
In the bathrooms and the bad motels?
No one really cared for it at all
Not the gravity plan
Early, early in the morning
It pulls all on down my sore feet
I wanna go back to sleep
In the motions and the things that you say
It all will fall, fall right into place
As fruit drops, flesh it sags
Everything will fall right into place
When we die, some sink and some lay
But at least I don't see you float away
And all the spilt milk, sex and weight
It all will fall, fall right into place
I might disintegrate into the thin air if you'd like
I'm not the dark center of the universe like you thought
Well, it took a lot of work to be the ass that I am
And I'm real damn sure that anyone can, equally easily fuck you over
Well, died sayin' something, but didn't mean it
Everyone's life ends, but no one ever completes it
Dry or wet ice, they both melt and you're equally cheated
Well, it took a lot of work to be the ass that I am
And I'm really damn sure that anyone can, equally easily fuck you over
Well, an endless ocean landin' on an endless desert
Well, its funny as hell, but no one laughs when they get there
If you can't see the thin air than why the hell should you care?
Well, it took a lot of work to be the ass that I am
And I'm really damn sure that anyone can, equally easily fuck you over
Well, I'm sure you'd tell me you got nothing to say
But our voices shook hands the other day
If you can't see the thin air what the hell is in the way?
[repeated lyrics]
Well, God sayin' somethin', but he didn't mean it
Everyone's life ends, but no one ever completes it
Dry or wet ice, they both melt and you're equally cheated
Well, it took a lot of work to be the ass that I am
And I'm really damn sure that anyone can, equally easily fuck you over
I'm sure you'll tell me you got nothin' to say
But our voices shook hands the other day
If you can't see the thin air then what the hells in your way?
You've got the Perfect disguise and you're lookin' o.k.
From the bottom of the best of the worst, well what can I say
Cuz you cocked your head to shoot me down, down
And I don't give a damn about you or this town no more
No cuz I know the score
Need me to fall down, so you can climb up
Some fool ass ladder, well good luck
I hope, I hope there's something better up there
Cuz you cocked your head to shoot me down, down
And I don't give a damn about you or this town no more
No cuz I know the score
Well good luck believing every word that's said
I hope you have enough space in your head
I don't know, broke my back
We're goin' down the road towards tiny cities made of ashes
Gonna hit you on the face gonna punch you in your
glasses. Oh no!
I just got a message that said "Yeah hell is freezin' over"
I Got a phone call from the Lord sayin' "Hey boy get a
sweater. Right now"
So we're drinkin' drinkin' drinkin' drinkin' coca-coca-cola
I can feel it rollin' right on down
Oh right on down my throat
And as we're headed down the road towards tiny cities
made of ashes
I'm gonna get dressed up in plastic gonna shake hands
with the masses. Oh no!
Does anybody know a way that a body could get away
Does anybody know a way
Were goin' down the road towards tiny cities made of ashes
I'm goin' to hit you on the face I'm goin' to punch you in your
glasses. Oh no!
I'm wearin' myself a t-shirt that says "The world is my ashtray"
Our hearts pump dust and our hairs all grey
And I just got a message sayin' that hell has frozen over
Got a phone call from the Lord sayin' "Hey boy get a
sweater. Right now!"
Does anybody know a way that a body could get away
Does anybody know a way
Were drinkin' drinkin' drinkin' drinkin' coca-coca-cola
I can feel it rollin' right on down oh right on down my throat
And as we're headed down the road towards tiny cities
made of ashes
I'm gonna lay down in the spa where they coat you
in molasses. Oh no!
Does anybody know a way that a body could get away
Does anybody know a way
I wanna live in a city with no friends or family
I'm gonna look out the window of my color T.V.
I wanna remember to remember to forget you forgot me
I'm gonna look out the window of my color T.V.

Through the cracks in the wall
Slow motion for all
Dripped out of the bars
Someone smart said nothin' at all

I'm watching T.V.
I guess that's a solution
They gave me a receipt that said, I didn't buy nothin'

So rust is a fire and our blood oxidizes
My eyes rolled around, all around on the carpet
Oh hit the deck, It's the decal man
Standin' upside down and talkin' out of his pants

I wanna live in a city with no friends or family
I'm gonna look out the window of my color T.V.
I wanna remember to remember to forget you forgot me
I'm gonna look out the window of my color T.V.

Through the cracks in the wall
Slow motion for all
Dripped out of the bars
Someone smart said nothin' at all

I'm watching T.V.
I guess that's a solution
They gave me a receipt that said, I didn't buy nothin'

So rust is a fire and our blood oxidizes
My eyes rolled around, all around on the carpet
Oh hit the deck, It's the decal man
Standin' upside down and talkin' out of his pants

Through the cracks in the wall
Slow motion for all
Dripped out of the bars
Someone smart said nothin' at all
So long to this cold, cold part of the world
So long to this cold, cold part of the world
So long to this bone bleached part of the world
So long to this cold, cold part of the world
So long to this salt soaked part of the world
I stepped down as president of Antarctica
Can't blame me, don't blame me, don't
So long to this sad, sad part of the world
So long, So long
How do, how do you do?
My name is you
Flies, they all gather around me and you too
You can't see anything well
You ask me what size it is, not what I sell
The flies, they all gather around me and you too
I don't want you to be alone down there
To be alone down there, to be alone
The Devil's apprentice he gave me some credit
He fed me a line and I'll probably regret it
I don't want you to be alone down there
To be alone down there, to be alone
Ah.
I don't want you to be alone down there
To be alone down there, to be alone
n the last second of life, they're gonna show you how
How they run this show, sure, run it into the ground
The stars are projectors, yeah
Projectin' our lives down to this planet Earth
The stars are projectors, yeah
Projectin' our minds down to this planet Earth
Everyone wants a double feature
They wanna be their own damn teacher, and how
All the stars are projectors, yeah
Projectin' our lives down to this planet Earth
It's all about moderate climates
You gotta be cold and be hot for sure
It's all about the moderate climates
You wanna be blessed and be cursed for sure
All the stars are projectors, yeah
Projectin' our lives down to this planet Earth
Everyone wants a double feature
They want to be in their own damn teacher, and how
All the stars are projectors, yeah
Projectin' our lives down to this planet Earth
You've got the harder part, You've got the kinder heart
And it's true
I've got the easy part, I've got the harder heart
Aint this true
Right wing, left wing, chicken wing
It's built on findin' the easier ways through
God is a woman and the woman is
An animal that animals man, and that's you
Was there a need for creation?
That was hiden in a math equation
And that's this:
WHERE DO CIRCLES BEGIN?
A wild pack of family dogs came runnin' through the yard one day
My father got his gun, shot it up, they ran away ok
A wild pack of family dogs came runnin' through the yard
And as my own dog ran away with them, I didn't say much of anything at all
A wild pack of family dogs came runnin' through the yard
As my little sister played, the dogs took her away
And I guess she was eaten up ok, yeah she was eaten up ok
My mother's cryin' blood dust now
My dad he quit his job today, well I guess he was fired but that's ok
And I'm sittin' outside my mudlake, waiting for the pack to take me away
And right after I die the dogs start floating up towards the glowing sky
Now they'll receive their rewards, now they will receive their rewards
These walls are paper thin
And everyone hears every little sound
Everyone's a voyeur, their watching me
Watch them, watch me right now
They're shakin' hands, they're shakin' in their shoes
Oh Lord, don't shake me down
Everyone wants two of them
And half of everyone else who's around
Its been agreed, the whole world stinks
So no ones taking showers anymore
Laugh hard it's a long way to the bank
I can't be blamed for nothin' anymore
It's been a long time since you've been around
Laugh hard it's a long ways to the bank
Tow the line to tax the time, you know
That you don't owe
I can't be a fool for everyone that I don't know
Well I ain't sure, but I been told
He's baking cakes inside our souls
Stayed awake, took a nap
Got myself my bottles back
I'm breakin' them out on the street
Walkin' around in my bare feet
I do not need you to tell me that I am not a cat
I caught a ride, we caught some air
He's never gonna cut his hair
It takes more time to make a fake
We night swam down in the lake
Washed the dirt off our intentions
Prattle on 'bout bad inventions
I came as ice, I came as a whore
I came as advice that came too short
I came as gold, I came as crap
I came clean and I came as a Rat
It takes a long time, but God dies too
But not before he'll stick it to you
Well I don't know, but I been told
You never die and you never grow old
Uh oh!
I came as a call, I came as flat
I came too soon so I came back
I came as flowers, I came as nice
I came as dirt and I came as its price
It takes a long time, but God dies too
But not before he'll stick it to you
I don't know, but I been told
You never die and you never grow old
Uh Oh!
Everyone's afraid of their own life
If you could be anything you want
I bet you'd be disappointed, am I right?
No one really knows the ones they love
If you knew everything they thought
I bet that you'd wish that they'd just shut up
Well, you were the dull sound of sharp math
When you were alive
No ones gonna play the harp when you die
And if I had a nickel for every damn dime
I'd have half the time, do you mind?
Everyone's afraid of their own lives
If you could be anything you want
I bet you'd be disappointed, am I right?
Am I right? And it's our lives
It's hard to remember, it's hard to remember
We're alive for the first time
It's hard to remember were alive for the last time
It's hard to remember, it's hard to remember
To live before you die
It's hard to remember, it's hard to remember
That our lives are such a short time
It's hard to remember, it's hard to remember
When it takes such a long time
It's hard to remember, it's hard to remember:
My mom's God is a woman and my mom she is a witch
I like this
My hell comes from inside, comes from inside myself
Why fight this
Everyone's afraid of their own lives
If you could be anything you want
I bet you'd be disappointed, am I right?
And in this life like weeds, you're just a rock to me
I could have told you all that I love you
And in the places you go, you'll see the place where you're from
I could have told you all that I love you
And in the faces you meet, you'll see the place where you'll die
I could have told you all that I love you
And on the day that you die, you'll see the people you'd met
I could have told you all that I love you
And in the faces you see, you'll see just who you've been
I wish I could have told you all:
In this life like weeds, eyes need us to see
Hearts need us to bleed, in this life like weeds
You're a rock to me
I know where you're from, but where do you belong?
In this life like weeds, you're the dirt I'll breath
In this life like weeds, you're a rock to me
All this talkin' all the time and the air fills up, up, up
Until there's nothin' left to breathe
And you think you feel most everything
And we know that our hearts are just made out of strings
To be pulled, strings to be pulled
So you think you've figured out everything
But we know that our minds are just made out of strings
To be pulled, strings to be pulled
All this talkin' all the time and the air fills up, up, up
Until there's nothing left to breathe
Up until there's nothin' left to speak.
Up until the better parts of space
Rag weed tall better hope that his ladder don't crack
Or he'll hit the ground low, hard and out of his back
At the battle at the bottom of the ocean, well the dead
do rise
You need proof I got proof at the surface you can watch
em float by
Way in back of the room, there sits a cage
Inside it's a clock that you can win if you can guess its age
Which you never can do cuz the time it constantly changes
For luck or lack
I guess that is the saying
On the first page of the book of blue it read
"If you read this page, than that'll be your death"
By then it was too late
And you wound up on an island of shells and bones that
bodies had left
And the one thing you taught me
'bout human beings was this
They ain't made of nothin' but water and shit
Stop the music and go home
I repeat stop the music and go home
(crowd goes wild)
Paul Johnson
DJ Funk
DJ Sneak
DJ Rush
Waxmaster
Hyperactive
Jammin Gerald
Brian Wilson
George Clinton
Lil Louis
Ashley Beatto
Neil Landstrumm
Kenny Dope
DJ Hell
Louis Vega
K-Alexi
Dr. Dre is in the house yeah
Omega in the house
Gemini is in the house
Jeff Mills is in the house
DJ Deeon
DJ Milton
DJ Slugo
DJs on the low
Green Velvet
Joey Beltram
DJ Esp
Roy Davis
Boo Williams
DJ Tonka
DJ Skull
DJ Pierre
Mark Dearborn in the house, yeah.
Todd Edward's in the house
Romanthony's in the house
Ceevea in the house
Luke Slater
Derrick Carter
Robert Hood
Paris Mitchel
Dave Clarke is in the house
Van Helden in the house
Armando in the house
Surgeon's in the house, yeah
Our haven on the southern point is calling us
Our haven on the southern point is calling us
And faced with all the obvious, she’ll carry us
Avert your eyes from all of this, we’ll make it all back

In the end, you’ll never find
You’ll never find me now
But I’ll return to you
When you return to me

In the end, you’ll never find
You’ll never find me now
But I’ll return to you
When you return to me

In regards to the last word
It’s not the last you’ll hear
I’d never find any other
I could ever, I could ever

Never say it’s the last one
It’s not the last one
I’d never find any other
I could ever, I could ever
Save up all the days
A routine malaise
Just like yesterday
I told you I would stay

Would you always?
Maybe sometimes?
Make it easy?
Take your time

Think of all the ways
Momentary phase
Just like yesterday
I told you I would stay

Every time you try
Quarter half a mile
Just like yesterday
I told you I would stay

Would you always?
Maybe sometimes?
Make it easy?
Take your time

Would you always?
Maybe sometimes?
Make it easy?
Take your time

Always
Sometimes
Easy
Time
In this old house, I'm not alone
In a bedroom, a telephone
You made the call and I just stood by
I stripped the sheets and emptied out the sty

And the crowds, they light the carnival
Calling us, calling us
And all they want, another voice
To lead us on, lead us on, lead us on

Even wasting the time with you
Doesn't matter if I think it through
You took the car around the bend
And ran it in the ground, let’s pretend

And the crowds, they light the carnival
Calling us, calling us
And all we ask, another voice
To lead us on, lead us on, lead us on

I can't get out of what I'm into with you
I can't get out of what I'm into with you
I can't get out of what I'm into with you
I can't get out of what I'm into with you
There was time, it took time
All the while
There is time, so much time
There is time, so much time

All the kids on the waterfront
Try to raise their hands
Not asking for your permission
Please understand

If we’re all faltering, how’d I help with that?
If it’s all or nothing, then let me go
If we’re all faltering, why’d I help with that?
If it’s all or nothing, then let me go

There was time, it took time
All the while
There is time, so much time
There is time, so much time

All the kids on the waterfront
Try to raise their hands
Not asking for your permission
Please understand

If we’re all faltering, how’d I help with that?
If it’s all or nothing, then let me go
If we’re all faltering, how’d I help with that?
If it’s all or nothing, then let me go
Mention a name we know, we know
Appear tame, it shows, shows
Please don’t feign the ropes
Always the same, I know

I’m shooting them myself
I should’ve made it matter
I’m shooting them myself
I should’ve made it matter

God let it go, I’m shooting them myself
It doesn’t mean a thing, I should’ve made it matter
Chance and sow, I’m shooting them myself
Nothing changing, I should’ve made it matter

There’s no time to go
Through the designs we know
Never mind, although
Maybe this time, we’ll grow

I’m shooting them myself
I should’ve made it matter
I’m shooting them myself
I should’ve made it matter

God let it go, I’m shooting them myself
It doesn’t mean a thing, I should’ve made it matter
Chance and sow, I’m shooting them myself
Nothing changing, I should’ve made it matter

God let it go, I’m shooting them myself
It doesn’t mean a thing, I should’ve made it matter
Chance and sow, I’m shooting them myself
Nothing changing, I should’ve made it matter
Wildly coherent in a watery deep
We’ll drop her down to the bottom
We’ll drop her down like she’s nothing
And the water is all

Oh, the water is still in a wilder deep
We’ll swim around like two dories
We’ll swim around like two dories
Let loose in the bay

We’ll miss the eddy 
Hold on, make steady, go
There is no plenty
Even keel already, go

I can’t be here all hours 
Oh, such a riot
I can’t discern this trouble
Oh, what a riot

I can’t be here all hours
Oh, such a riot
I can’t describe

I can’t be here all hours 
Oh, such a riot
I can’t describe this problem 
Oh, what a riot

I can’t be here all hours
Oh, such a riot
I can’t describe this problem
I'm gonna take a stab at this,
sure you will be alright

Make a decision with a kiss
Baby I hold fast by it.

And when I trek alone back home
I need; shall I trek in the snow?

Tissue and bones; it was a trick
This is a knock on five

Checking it off my list
Honey look to rewrite.

Time is cast once; and far alone.
Hope I'm ready, able to make my own;
goodbye.

They go we go, I want you to know, what I did I did,
They go we go, I want you to know, what I did I did.

They go we go, I want you to know, what I did I did,
They go we go, I want you to know, what I did I did.

They go we go, I want you to know, what I did I did,
They go we go, I want you to know, what I did I did.
Without a trace, makes me wonder
A staged race has no thunder
This is the case of our blunder

It’s a fire
For what?
Time for faith
We thought

About face, makes me wonder
And in case, there is no thunder
A bit of grace in our blunder

It’s a fire
For what?
Time for faith
We thought

It’s a fire
For what? For what?
Time for faith
We thought

It’s a fire
For what? For what?
Time for faith
We thought
Here we go again
We’ll carry on, my only friends
I’ll take one chance without compromise
There isn’t anything left to try

Here we go again
We’ll carry on, but then again
We couldn’t take this on, the story goes unformed
As if we never were there at all
While you wait for the others
To make it all worthwhile
All your useless pretentions
Are weighing on my time

You could beg for forgiveness
As long as you like
Or just wait out the evening
You'll only leave me dry

Yes, you'll only leave me dry

So I'll ask you kindly to make your way
And what was there?
The perfect glare
We all fall through

While you wait on the answers
That I'll pretend to find
Keeping up with emotions
Still occupies our time

You could hope for some substance
As long as you like
Or just wait out the evening
And always ask me why

Yes, you'll only leave me dry

So I'll ask you kindly to make your way
And what was left?
The perfect glare
We all fall through

And all we want, want, want, want, want, want, want, want
Want, want, want, want, want, want
Want, want, want, want
Want, want, want

And what was there?
And what was there?
And what wasn't there?
Return
Been gone too long
Return
Don't make me beg

And they’ll try
They'll try
They’ll try
To keep us apart

And they’ll try, they’ll try
They'll try
To keep us apart
But yes we can

You brought us this far
We’ll do what we can

Return
Don’t put me on
Return
Don’t make me beg

Return

And they’ll try
They’ll try
They’ll try
To keep us apart

And you’ll try, you all try
You’ll try
To keep us apart
But yes we can

You brought us this far
We’ll do what we can
Take on another shift
Palms in the middle, hands in the middle
Work out another rift
Something is muffled, another chuckle

This is a foreground
It is a foreground

A cross country miss 
Take direction, can’t connect it
I’m afraid this is 
Ten detected, nine in a wreck and

A little jetty fight
Pattern evolving, motion insolvent
Something about this might
Take all evening, I’ll just be cleaning

This is a foreground
It is a foreground
Can't you see I'm trying?
I don't even like it. I just lied to
Get to your apartment, now I'm staying
Here just for a while
I can't think 'cause I'm just way too tired

Is this it?
Is this it?
Is this... it?

Said they'd give you anything you ever wanted
When they lied, I knew it was just stable children
Trying hard not to realize I was sitting right behind them

Oh dear, can't you see? It's them it's not me
We're not enemies; We just disagree
If I was like him all pissed in this bar
He changes his mind, says I went too far
We all disagree
I think we should disagree, yeah

Is this it
Is this it
Is this it

Can't you see I'm trying?
I don't even like it. I just lied to
Get to your apartment, now I'm staying
Here just for a while
I can't think 'cause I'm just way too tired
Up on a hill is where we begin
This little story a long time ago
Stop to pretend, stop pretending
It seems this game is simply never-ending
Oh, in the sun, sun having fun
It's in my blood
I just can't help it
Don't want you here right now
Let me go, oh, let me g-g-g-g-g-g-go

Leavin' just in time
Stay there for a while
Rolling in the ocean
Trying to catch her eye
Work hard and say it's easy
Do it just to please me
Tomorrow will be different
So I'll pretend I'm leaving

Our fears are different here
We train in A-V-A
I wish you hadn't stayed
My vision's clearer now, but I'm unafraid
Flying overseas, no time to feel the breeze
I took too many varieties
Oh, in the sun, sun having fun
It's in my blood
I just can't help it
Don't want you here right now
Let me go
Darling let me g-g-g-g-g-g-go

Leaving just in time
Staying for a while
Rolling in the ocean
Trying to catch her eye
Work hard and say it's easy
Do it just to please me
Tomorrow will be different
So this is why I'm leaving
Soma is what they would take when
Hard times opened their eyes
Saw pain in a new way
High stakes for a few names
Racing against sun beams
Losing against their dreams
In your eyes

And I am
Stop
And go
In your eyes
See I am
Stop
And go
In your eyes

Let's go

When I saw her for the first time
Lips moved as her eyes closed
Heard something in his voice
"And I'll be there", he says
Then he walks out
Somehow he was trying
Too hard to be like them

Well I am
Stop
And go
In your eyes
And I am
Stop
Oh, darling, let me go

Tried it once and they like it
Then tried to hide it
Says, "I've been doing this 25 years"
But I'm not listening no more
And these friends, they keep asking for more
Oh, yeah
Oh, but that's it
I didn't take no shortcuts
I spent the money that I saved up
Oh, Momma running out of luck
Like my sister, don't give a fuck

I wanna steal your innocence
To me, my life, it don't make sense
Those strange manners, I loved 'em so
"Why won't you wear your new trench coat?"

I should've worked much harder
I should've just not bothered
I never show up on weekdays
Something that you learned yesterday

"Drive you to work; you'll be on time
These little problems they're not yours and mine,"
"Come on and listen to what I say
I've got some secrets that'll make you stay"

I just want to turn you down
I just want to turn you around
Oh, you ain't never had nothin' I wanted, but...
I want it all
I just can't figure out...
Nothing

And all together it went well
We made pretend we were best friends
Then she said, "Oh, you're a freak"
"They ordered me to make mistakes"
Together again, like the beginning
It all works somehow in the end
The things we did, the things you hide
For the record it's between you and I

Oh, I didn't take no shortcuts
I spent the money that I saved up
Oh, Momma running out of luck
Like my sister, don't give a fuck

I wanna steal your innocence
To me my life, it just don't make any sense
Those strange manners, I loved 'em so
"Why won't you wear your new trench coat?"

I just want to misbehave
I just want to be your slave
Oh, you ain't never had nothing I wanted, but...
I want it all
I just can't figure out...
Nothin'

And all together it went well
We made pretend we were best friends
Then she said, "Oh, I can wait"
They ordered me to make mistakes
Together again like the beginning
It all works somehow in the end
The things we did, the things you hide
And for the record, it's between you and I
In many ways, they'll miss the good old days
Someday, someday
Yeah, it hurts to say, but I want you to stay
Sometimes, sometimes

When we was young, oh man, did we have fun
Always, always
Promises, they break before they're made
Sometimes, sometimes

Oh, Maya says I'm lacking in depth
I will do my best
You say you wanna stay by my side
Darlin', your head's not right
See, alone we stand, together we fall apart
Yeah, I think I'll be alright
I'm working so I won't have to try so hard
Tables, they turn sometimes

Oh, someday...

No, I ain't wastin' no more time

And now my fears
They come to me in threes
So, I
Sometimes
Say, "Fate my friend,
You say the strangest things
I find, sometimes"

Oh, Maya says I'm lacking in depth
Say I will try my best
You say you wanna stay by my side
Darlin', your head's not right
See, alone we stand, together we fall apart
Yeah, I think I'll be alright
I'm working so I won't have to try so hard
Tables, they turn sometimes

Oh, someday...

I ain't wasting no more time
No choice now, it's too late
Let him go, he gave up
I gave up
Lisa says, "Take time for me"
Dropping him down to his knees
Ah, chest down...

Take me away
See I've got to explain
Things, they have changed
In such a permanent way
Life seems unreal
Can we go back to your place?
Oh, "You drink too much"
Makes me drink just the same

People tried. Felt so right
Giving themselves good advice
Looking down sometimes felt nice...

He knows it's justified to kill to survive
He then in dollars makes more dead than alive
Let's suck more blood, let's run three hours a day
The world is over but I don't care
'Cause

I am with you
Now I've got to explain
Things, they have changed
In such a permanent way
Life seems unreal
Can we go back to your place?
"You drink too much"
Makes me drink just the same

The first time, it happened too fast
The second time, I thought it would last

We all like it a little different.
Last night she said,
"Oh, baby, I feel so down.
Oh it turns me off,
When I feel left out."

So I, I turn 'round,
"Oh, baby, don't care no more.
I know this for sure,
I'm walkin' out that door."

Well, I've been in town for just about fifteen minutes now
And baby, I feel so down
And I don't know why
I keep walkin' for miles

See, people they don't understand
No, girlfriends, they can't understand
Your grandsons, they won't understand
On top of this, I ain't ever gonna understand...

Last night she said,
"Oh, baby, don't feel so down.
Oh, it turns me off,
When I feel left out."

So I, I turn 'round:
"Oh, baby, gonna be alright."
It was a great big lie
'Cause I left that night, yeah

Oh, people they don't understand
No, girlfriends, they don't understand
In spaceships, they won't understand
And me, I ain't ever gonna understand...

Last night she said,
"Oh, baby, I feel so down.
See, it turns me off,
When I feel left out."

So I, I turn 'round:
"Oh, little girl, I don't care no more.
I know this for sure,
I'm walking out that door," yeah
Was an honest man
Asked me for the phone
Tried to take control

Oh, I don't see it that way
I don't see it that way

Oh, we shared some ideas
All obsessed with fame
Says we're all the same

Oh, I don't see it that way
I don't see it that way

Raised in Carolina
"I'm not like that"
Trying to remind her
When we go back

I missed the last bus, I'll take the next train
I try but you see, it's hard to explain
I say the right things, but act the wrong way
I like it right here, but I cannot stay
I watch the TV; forget what I'm told
Well, I am too young, and they are too old
The joke is on you, this place is a zoo
"You're right it's true"

Says he can't decide
I shake my head to say
Everything's just great

Oh, I just can't remember
I just can't remember

Raised in Carolina, she says:
" I'm not like that"
Trying to remind her
When we go back

I say the right things but act the wrong way
I like it right here but I cannot stay
I watch the TV; forget what I'm told
Well, I am too young, and they are too old
Oh, man, can't you see I'm nervous, so please
Pretend to be nice, so I can be mean
I miss the last bus, we take the next train
I try but you see, it's hard to explain
Won't decide, but he won't debate
Said, "Thanks my friend," but he was too late
Oh why, oh why
I don't know

So you think things move pretty fast down here
Well just wait my dear 'till you look up there
Oh maybe someday you'll know

Had his second kid, was an early night
Got to be well dressed 'cause he hates to fly
Oh loves his job, takes it home

Anything they wanted
They could have it, have it
Didn't even notice
I don't mind it, mind it

Won't decide, but he won't debate
Said, "Thanks my friend, thought that we was dead"
Oh why, oh why
I don't know

Think things move pretty fast down here
But just wait my dear 'till we get up there
Oh maybe someday they'll know

Come on tell me does she warm the room
When he comes
Or does he just know how to leave
When it gets cold

Well I don't care, I don't care
'Cause it's free
You said you couldn't stay
You've seen it all before
I know

They sold you on their way
Oh, honey, that's OK

No harm, he's armed
Setting off all your alarms
When I find out
I hope it's you who set this trap

And storefronts rarely changed
At least I'm on my own again
Instead of anywhere with you

But, to me, it's all the same

And I lost my page. Again
I know this is surreal
But, I'll try my luck with you
This life is on my side
Well, I am your one?
"Believe me, this is a chance," oh oh

Let's see what's for sale
He's trying hard to give his job a chance
Oh, it's never gonna be
It's sad, but I agree
The signals don't seem right
They last for just one night, and then
I'm sorry that I said:
"That we were just good friends"

No harm, he's armed
Setting off all your alarms
They're trapped
I can't be there in time
I'll think about that

And I lost my page again
I know this is surreal
But, I'll try my luck with you
This life is on my side
Well, I am your one?
"Believe me, this is a chance," oh oh
Leave me alone
I'm in control
I'm in control
And girls lie too much
And boys act too tough
Enough is enough

Well, on the minds
Of other men
I know she was...

I said, "Just take it or leave it
And take it or leave it
And take it or leave it
And take it or leave it
Oh, just take it or leave it
And take it or leave it
Oh, take it"

That's right

Oh, he's gonna let you down
He's gonna let you down
He's gonna let you down
He's gonna break your back for a chance
He's gonna steal your friends if he can
He's gonna win someday

I fell off the track, now
I can't go back
I'm not like that

Boys lie too much
Girls act too tough
Enough is enough

Well on the minds
Of other girls
I know he was...

I said, "Just take it or leave it
And take it or leave it
And take it or leave it
And take it or leave it
Oh, just take it or leave it
And take it or leave it
Oh, take it"

That's right

Oh, he's gonna let you down
He's gonna let you down
He's gonna let you down
He's gonna break your back for a chance
He's gonna steal your friends if he can
He's gonna win someday

Oh, he will...
Home - home in the late-night
And away - away in the half-life
Except saturday - crushed by the boring
Until played and plagued by the tourists again

When once you had believed it
Now you see it's sucking you in

To string you along with the pretense
And pave the way for the coming release

Alone and prone in the half-light
And late- late to the real-life
If you will find a way into the gold rush
You will stay until the morning comes
You will normalize
Don't it make you feel alive
Its time to get away, its time to get away from you
Its time to get away, its time to get away from you
You brought a lot of money
But me, I got a tiny tummy
And you, you make me sleep
I try and try
But you're under my knee
And I start to be sensible (if you know what I mean)
And so its time to get away, Its time to get away from you
I'm dying to get away, I'm dying to get away
Next time we'll talk it over
And we can start again
For you, I caught a lot of static
And me, I would like it automatic
Ah-what what what what what did you think would happen next?
Ah-what what what what what could it ever be?
Though its time to get away, its time to get away from you
I'm dying to get away, I'm dying to get away
Next time let's talk about it
And maybe start again
To think I used to pity you
To think I used to pity you, it's true
To think I used to pity you
To think I used to talk to you, it's true
Next time we can talk about it
Or even start again
I couldn't tell you what you wanted
(You know what I'm saying?) I knew you were low man,
But the truth is I was shocked
(Of) power eyes, eyes never lie
Kids, Kids never lie.
Oh oh oh
Oh I don't know, I don't know, oh, where to begin
We are north americans
And for those of you who still think we're from england
We're not, no.
We build our planes and our trains till we think we might die,
Far from North America,
Where the buildings are old and you might have lots of mimes.
Aha, oh, oh.
I hate the feelin' when you're looking at me that way
Cause we're north americans
But if we act all shy, it'll make it ok
Makes it go away.

Oh I don't know, I don't know, oh, where to begin
When we're north american
But in the end we make the same mistakes all over again
Come on north americans

We are north american scum
We're from north america

And all the kids all the kids that want to make the scene
Here in north america
When our young kids get to read it in your magazines
We don't have those
So where's the love where's the love where's the love where's the love where's the love tonight?
But there's no love man there's no love and the kids are uptight
So throw a party till the cops come in and bust it up
Let's go north americans
Oh you were planning it I didn't mean to interrupt
Sorry
I did it once and my parents got pretty upset
Freaked out in north america
But then I said the more I do it the better it gets

Let's rock north america

We are north american scum
We're from north america
We are north american scum
We are north american

New york's the greatest if you get someone to pay the rent
Wahoo north america
And it's the furthest you can live from the government un huh huh
Some proud american christians might disagree
Here in north america
But new york's the only place we're keepin them off the street
Boo boo now we can't have parties like in spain where they go all night
Shut down in north america
Or like berlin where they go another night, alright, un huh un huh

You see I love this place that I have grown to know
Alright, north america.
And yeah, I know you wouldn't touch us with a ten-foot pole
'cause we're north americans.

We are north american scum
We are north americans
We are north american scum
We love north america

Take me back to the states man
North american scum
Where we can be all we want if we really ??
North american
Where the dj gigs are as fun
Here in north american scum
Don't blame the canadians
Let go north america
I wish that we could talk about it,
But there, that's the problem.
With someone new I couldn't start it,
Too late, for beginnings.
The little things that made me nervous,
Are gone, in a moment.
I miss the way we used to argue,
Locked, in your basement.

I wake up and the phone is ringing,
Surprised, as it's early.
And that should be the perfect warning,
That something's, a problem.
To tell the truth I saw it coming,
The way, you were breathing.
But nothing can prepare you for it,
The voice, on the other, end.

The worst is all the lovely weather,
I'm stunned, it's not raining.
The coffee isn't even bitter,
Because, what's the difference?
There's all the work that needs to be done,
It's late, for revision.
There's all the time and all the planning,
And songs, to be finished.

And it keeps coming,
And it keeps coming,
And it keeps coming,
Till the day it stops

And it keeps coming,

Till the day it stops.

I wish that we could talk about it,
But there, that's the problem.
With someone new I could have started,
Too late, for beginnings.
You're smaller than my wife imagined,
Surprised, you were human.
There shouldn't be this ring of silence,
But what, are the options?

When someone great is gone.


We're safe, for the moment.
Saved,
For the moment.
That's how it starts
We go back to your house
We check the charts
And start to figure it out

And if it's crowded, all the better
Because we know we're gonna be up late
But if you're worried about the weather
Then you picked the wrong place to stay
That's how it starts

And so it starts
You switch the engine on
We set controls for the heart of the sun
One of the ways we show our age

And if the sun comes up, if the sun comes up, if the sun comes up
And I still don't wanna stagger home
Then it's the memory of our betters
That are keeping us on our feet

You spent the first five years trying to get with the plan
And the next five years trying to be with your friends again

You're talking 45 turns just as fast as you can
Teah, I know it gets tired, but it's better when we pretend

It comes apart
The way it does in bad films
Except in parts
When the moral kicks in

Though when we're running out of the drugs
And the conversation's winding away
I wouldn't trade one stupid decision
For another five years of life

You drop the first ten years just as fast as you can
And the next ten people who are trying to be polite
When you're blowing eighty-five days in the middle of France
Yeah, I know it gets tired only where are your friends tonight?

And to tell the truth
Oh, this could be the last time
So here we go
Like a sales force into the night

And if I made a fool, if I made a fool, if I made a fool
On the road, there's always this
And if I'm sewn into submission
I can still come home to this

And with a face like a dad and a laughable stand
You can sleep on the plane or review what you said
When you're drunk and the kids leave impossible tasks
You think over and over, "hey, I'm finally dead."

Oh, if the trip and the plan come apart in your hand
Tou look contorted on yourself your ridiculous prop
You forgot what you meant when you read what you said
And you always knew you were tired, but then
Where are your friends tonight?

Where are your friends tonight?
Where are your friends tonight?

If I could see all my friends tonight
If I could see all my friends tonight
If I could see all my friends tonight
If I could see all my friends tonight
The time has come, the time has come, the time has come today
The time has come, the time has come, the time has come today

The time has come, the time has come, the time has come today
The time has come, the time has come, the time has come today

And so all the good people wanna rescue
All the small people wanna talk to you
All the clever people wanna tell you
All the little people wanna dance its true

But the time has come, the time has come, the time has come, the time has come
The time has come, the time has come, the time has come, the time has come

The time has come, the time has come, the time has come today
The time has come, the time has come, the time has come today

And so all the good people wanna rescue
All the small people wanna talk to you
All the clever people wanna tell you
All the little people wanna dance its true

Cloud, block out the sun
Over me, over me
And spoil, spoil all the fun
Won't you please

Cloud, block out the sun
Over me, over me
And spoil, spoil all the fun
Wont you please

If you please, please anyone
Talk to me talk to me
All you boys, lonely and drunk
On your knees

Us and Them
Over and over again
Us and Them
Over and over again
Us and Them
Over and over again
Us and Them
Over and over and over again

Because all the good people wanna rescue
All the small people wanna talk to you
All the clever people wanna tell you
All the little people wanna dance its true

So its Us v. Them
Over and over again
Us v. Them
Over and over again
Us v. Them
Over and over again
Us v. Them
Over and over and over and over
Us v. Them
Over and over again
Us v. Them
Over and over and over and over

All the good people wanna rescue
All the small people wanna talk to you
All the clever people wanna tell you
All the little people wanna dance its true

Its just Us and Them
Over and over again
Us v. Them
Over and over again
Us v. Them
Over and over again
Us v. Them
Over and over again
Us and Them
Over and over again
Read all the pamphlets and watch the tapes
I get all confused when you mix up the dates....
Woah!

Don't gimme the pretend you come for the weekend
And you stay for the week
You say that you hate it but that's how you made it
Just keep it oblique
We're both high high high, high high on lemon sips
We're all suh-suh-suh sucked-in-by parlour tricks

Oh the people deceive you the kids never leave
Cuz you make them at home
You try to appease them and they show you the stick
But still you pick up the phone
But hey man, you can take it
As long as they don't shove you out in the cold
It's not getting better, no it's not getting better, man
It's just getting old
Ah ooh! we do what we're programmed to do--
Hey we do what we're told

I never remember to carry my book when I get on the bus
You never forget it's your time to collect
When they are making a fuss
We're both high high high, high high on lemon sips
We're all high high high, high high on wiggling hips
Ah ooh! you break off your plans for the weekend
And ah oh! you can tell them the dates
But that don't mean they're letting you go

Don't gimme the pretend you come for the weekend
And you stay for the year
Avoid all the plans cuz we're making our day jobs
Into a steady career
We're both high high high, high high on lemon sips
We all claw claw claw, cli-climb-on to sinking ships
And ah ooh! avoid all the cold sideways glances
And ah ooh! celebrate! celebrate! celebrate!
And then turn to stone

Read all the pamphlets and watch the tapes
You turn 25 and now you're all out of escapes
C'mon

Hey the rock writer told me to tell you:
"though you're great and you're brave
You still lack that which makes you a star."
Read all the pamphlets and watch the tapes
We all get a little drunk and then we act like apes
Ow!
Sound of silver talk to me
Makes you want to feel like a teenager
Until you remember the feelings of
A real life emotional teenager
Then you think again
New York, I Love You
But you're bringing me down

New York, I Love You
But you're bringing me down

Like a rat in a cage
Pulling minimum wage

New York, I Love You
But you're bringing me down

New York, you're safer
And you're wasting my time

Our records all show
You are filthy but fine

But they shuttered your stores
When you opened the doors
To the cops who were bored
Once they'd run out of crime

New York, you're perfect
Don't please don't change a thing

Your mild billionaire mayor's
Now convinced he's a king

So the boring collect
I mean all disrespect

In the neighborhood bars
I'd once dreamed I would drink

New York, I Love You
But you're freaking me out

There's a ton of the twist
But we're fresh out of shout

Like a death in the hall
That you hear through your wall

New York, I Love You
But you're freaking me out

New York, I Love You
But you're bringing me down

New York, I Love You
But you're bringing me down

Like a death of the heart
Jesus, where do I start?

But you're still the one pool
Where I'd happily drown

And oh.. Take me off your mailing list
For kids that think it still exists
Yes, for those who think it still exists

Maybe I'm wrong
And maybe you're right
Maybe I'm wrong
And maybe you're right

Maybe you're right
Maybe I'm wrong
And just maybe you're right

And Oh..
Maybe mother told you true
And they're always be something there for you
And you'll never be alone

But maybe she's wrong
And maybe I'm right
And just maybe she's wrong

Maybe she's wrong
And maybe I'm right
And if so, is there?
You turn on a spindle.
You're so much looser now but you're not explaining how you gained such new repose.
I touch the clasp of your locket, with its picture held,
Some secret you wouldn't tell but let it choke your neck.
So we imagine a darkness where all shapes divide,
Solids changing into light, with a burst of heat so bright.
Well fine, don't you do what I want you to.
Yeah, don't degrade yourself the way that I do
Cause you don't depend upon all the shit that I use to make my moods improve.
Near a sea of pianos, there were waves of chords
That crashed against the shore in one huge and useless roar.
And there were girls bringing water,
Like a dream they came to cure the fever of my brain,
And soothe my burning throat.
And they made me a necklace, hanging beads of sweat on a string of my regrets,
And placed it round my neck
And they were singing, don't you do what you've wanted to.
Yeah, don't destroy yourself like those cowards do
Maybe the sun keeps coming up cause it's gotten used to you
And your constant need for proof.
Here is a scale. Weigh it out and you'll find, easily,
More than sufficient doubt that these colors, you see
Were picked in advance by some careful hand
With an absolute concept of beauty.

They are smeared and these blurs come in random order
And they color the eyes of your former lovers.
Hers were green like July,
Except when she cried they were red.

Now I know a disease that these doctors can't treat.
You contract on the day you accept all you see
Is a mirror and a mirror is all it can be.
A reflection of something we're missing.

And language just happened. It was never planned.
And it's inadequate to describe where I am
In the room of my house where the light's never been
Waiting for this day to end.

And these clocks keep unwinding and completely ignore
Everything that we hate or adore.
Once the page of a calendar is turned it's no more.
So tell me then, what was it for?
Oh tell me, what was it for?
Does he kiss your eyelids in the morning when you start to raise your head?
And does he sing to you incessantly from the space between your bed and wall?
Does he walk around all day at school with his feet inside your shoes?
Looking down every few steps to pretend he walks with you.
Oh, does he know that place below your neck that is your favorite to be touched
And does he cry through broken sentences like I love you far too much?

Does he lay awake listening to your breath?
Worried you smoke too many cigarettes.
Is he coughing now on a bathroom floor?
For every speck of tile there's a thousand more
You won't ever see but most hold inside yourself eternally

Well, I drug your ghost across the country and we plotted out my death.
In every city, memories would whisper: "Here is where you rest."
I was determined in Chicago but I dug my teeth into my knees
And I settled for a telephone and sang into your machine.
You are my sunshine, my only sunshine
You are my sunshine, my only sunshine

And I kissed a girl with a broken jaw that her father gave to her.
She had eyes bright enough to burn me. They reminded me of yours.
And in a story told she was a little girl in a red-rouge, sun-bruised field
And there were rows of ripe tomatoes where a secret was concealed.
And it rose like thunder, clapped under our hands.
And it stretched for centuries to a diary entry's end where I wrote,
You make me happy oh!! when skies are gray
You make me happy oh!! when skies are gray and gray and gray.

Well the clock's heart it hangs inside its open chest with hands
Stretched towards the calendar hanging itself
But I will not weep for those dying days.
For all the ones who've left there's a few that stayed.
And they found me here and pulled me from the grass where I was laid.
Now and again it seems worse than it is,
But mostly the view is accurate.
You see your breath in the air as you'll climb up the stairs
To that coffin you call your apartment.
And you sink in your chair, brush the snow from your hair
And drink the cold away.
And you're not really sure what you're doing this for
But you need something to fill up the days.
A few more hours.
There's a dream in my brain that just won't go away.
It's been stuck there since it came a few nights ago
And I'm standing on a bridge in the town where I lived
As a kid with my mom and my brothers.
And then the bridge disappears and I'm standing on air
With nothing holding me.
And I hang like a star, fucking glow in the dark,
For all those starving eyes to see,
Like the ones we've wished on.
But now I'm confused. Is this death really you?
And do these dreams have any meaning?
No. No, I think it's more like a ghost that's been following us both.
Something vague that we're not seeing,
Something more like a feeling.
You follow the footsteps echoes leading down a hall to a room.
There is music playing tiny bells with moving parts.
Here the shadows make things ugly, an effect quite undesirable.
The bold and yellow daylight grows like ivy across the wall
And it bounces off of the painted porcelain, tiny dancing doll.
Her body spins, as she pirouettes again, the world suddenly seems small.
On an off white, subtle morning you stretch your legs in the front seat.
And the road has made a vacuum where our voices used to be.
And you lay your head onto my shoulder, pour like water over me.
So if I just exist for the next ten minutes of this drive that would be fine.
And all these trees that line this curb would be rejoicing and alive.
Soon all the joy that pours from everything makes fountains of your eyes
Because you finally understand the movement of a hand waving good-bye.
The fragile keep secrets, gathered in pockets,
And they'll sell them for nothing a cheap watch or locket
That kind of gold washes off.
And the sad act like lepers, they stick to the shadows
And long to ring bells of warning to tell of their coming
So that the pure can shut their doors.
And the angry are animals senseless and savage.
They act without order in logical lapses,
They stain their mouths with blood.
So take my hand, this barren land is alive tonight.
The corn has grown stalks that form a wall too high.
But the wind carries sounds that I can't see from beyond that line.
Then the stalks begin to sway
Oh stay with me Arienette until the wolves are away.
Yeah
Well the wicked are vultures, and they bake in the canyons.
They circle in sunlight and wait for their victims
To collapse and call to them.
And the desperate are water. They will run down forever
As they soak into silence mend up together,
In a dark and distant, dark and distant place.
So don't leave me here with only mirrors watching me.
This house it holds nothing but the memories.
And the moon it leaves silver but never sleep.
And then the silver turns to gray
Oh stay with me Arienette until the wolves are away.
Tomorrow when I wake up I'm finding my brother
And making him take me back down to the water.
That lake where we sailed and we laughed with our father.
I will not desert him. I will not desert him.
No matter how I may wish for a coffin so clean
Or these trees to undress all their leaves onto me.
I put my face in the dirt and then finally I see
The sky that has been avoiding me.
I started this letter I'm gonna send it to Ruba.
It will be blessed by her eyes on the gulf coast of Florida.
With her feet in the sand and one hand on her swimsuit,
She will recite the prayer of my pen.
Saying, ...time take us forward. Relief from this longing,
They can land that plane on my heart I don't care
Just give me November, the warmth of a whisper
In the freezing darkness of my room.
But no matter what I would do in attempt to replace.
All these pills that I take trying to balance my brain.
I've seen the curious girl with that look on her face.
So surprised she stares out from her display case.
The phone slips from a loose grip
Words were missed then, some apology
I didn't want to tell you this
No, it's just some guy she's been hanging out with
I don't know, the past couple weeks I guess
Well, thank you and hang up the phone
Let the funeral start
Hear the casket close
Let's pin split-black ribbon to your overcoat
Well, laughter pours from under doors
In this house, I don't understand that sound no more
Seems artificial, like a T.V. set

Well, haligh, haligh, a lie, haligh
This weight it must be satisfied
You offer only one reply
You know not what you do
But you tear and tear your hair from roots
Of that same head you have twice removed now
A lock of hair you said would prove
Our love would never die
Well ha ha ha

I remember everything
The words we spoke on freezing South Street
And all those mornings watching you get ready for school
You combed your hair inside that mirror
The one you painted blue and glued with jewelry tears
Something about those bright colors
Would always make you feel better
But now we speak with ruined tongues
And the words we say aren't meant for anyone
It's just a mumbled sentence to a passing acquaintance
But there was once you

You said you hate my suffering
And you understood
And you'd take care of me
You'd always be there
Well where are you now?

Haligh, haligh, a lie, haligh
The plans were never finalized
But left to hang like yarn and twine
Dangling before my eyes
As you tear and tear your hair from roots
Of that same head you have twice removed now
A lock of hair you said would prove
Our love would never die

And I sing and sing of awful things
The pleasure that my sadness brings
As my fingers press onto the strings
In yet another clumsy chord
Haligh, haligh, an awful lie
This weight would now be satisfied
I'm gonna give you only one reply
I know not who I am

But I talk in the mirror
To the stranger that appears
Our conversations are circles
Always one sided
Nothing is clear

Except we keep coming back
To this meaning that I lack
He says the choices were given
Now you must live them
Or just not live
But do you want that?
t the center of the world
There's a statue of a girl.
She is standing near a well
With a bucket bare and dry.

I went and looked her in the eyes
And she turned me into sand.
This clumsy form that I despise
It scattered easy in her hand.

And came to rest upon a beach,
With a million others there.
We sat and waited for the sea
To stretch out so that we could disappear

Into the endlessness of blue,
Into the horror of the truth.
You see, we are far less than we knew.
Yeah, we are far less than we knew

But we knew what we could taste.
Girls found honey to drench our hands.
Men cut marble to mark our graves.
Said we'll need something to remind us of
All the sweetness that has passed through us
(fresh sangria and lemon tea).
The priests dressed children for a choir
(white-robed small voices praise Him)
But found no joy in what was sung.
The funeral had begun

In the middle of the day
When you drive home to your place
From that job that makes you sleep
Back to the thoughts that keep you awake

Long after night has come to claim
Any light that still remains
In the corner of the frame
That you put around her face.

Two pills just weren't enough.
The alarm clock's going off
But you're not waking up.
This isn't happening, happening, happening,
Happening, happening. It is.
Sunrise, sunset.
Sunrise, sunset.
Swiftly go the days.
Sunrise, sunset.
You wake up, then you undress.
It always is the same.
The sunrise and the sunsets.
You are lying while you confess, keep trying to explain.
The sunrise and the sunsets
You realize then you forget what you've been trying to retain.
But everybody knows that it is all about the things
That get stuck inside of your head,
Like the songs your roommate sings
Or a vision of her body as she stretches out on your bed.
She raised her hands in the air, asked you,
When was the last time you looked in the mirror?
Cause you've changed.
Yeah, you've changed.
Sunrises, sunsets.
You're hopeful then you regret.
The circle never breaks.
With a sunrise and a sunset there's a change of heart or address.
Is there nothing that remains?
For a sunrise or a sunset.
You're manic or you're depressed.
Will you ever feel ok?
For a sunrise or a sunset, your lover is an actress.
Did you really think she'd stay?
For a sunrise or a sunset.
You're either coming or you just left but you're always on the way.
Towards a sunrise or a sunset, a scribble or a sonnet.
They are really just the same.
To the sunrise and the sunset.
The master and his servant have exactly the same fate.
It's a sunrise and a sunset.
From a cradle to a casket.
There is no way to escape.
The sunrise and the sunset.
Hold your sadness like a puppet, keep putting on the play.
But everything you do is leading to the point
Where you just won't know what to do.
And at that moment you may laugh
But there is someone there who will be laughing louder than you.
So it's true, the trick is complete.
Become everything you said you never would be.
You're a fool! You're a fool!
Sunrise, sunset, sunrise, sunset.
Sunrise and the sunsets.
Sunrise, sunset, sunrises, sunsets.
Sunrise and the sunsets.
Sunrise, sunset.
Go home to your apartment
And put the cassette in the tape deck and let that fever play.
Sunrise, sunset.
Where are you Arienette?
Where are you Arienette?
Did you expect it all to stop at the wave of your hand?
Like the sun's just going to drop if it's night you demand.
Well, in the dark we're just air so the house might dissolve.
But once we are gone, who's gonna care if we were ever here at all?
Well, summer's going to come, it's gonna cloud our eyes again.
No need to focus when there's nothing that's worth seeing.
So we trade liquor for blood in an attempt to tip the scales.
I think you lost what you loved in that mess of details.
They seemed so important at the time
But now you can't even recall any of the names, faces, or lines.
It's more the feeling of it all.
Well, winter is going to end, I'm going to clean these veins again.
So close to dying that I finally can start living.

[There is a radio interview in the end of this track]

[Radio interviewer (impersonated by Matt Silcock of Lullaby for the Working Class) - R]
[Conor Oberst (impersonated by Todd Fink of The Faint) - C]

[Radio interviewer:] Hi, we're back, this is radio K[beep]x and we're here with Conor Oberst of the band Bright Eyes. How are you doing, Conor?
[Conor:] Fine, thanks, just a little wet.
 Oh, it's still coming down out there?
Yeah, I sort of had to run from the car.
 Well, we are glad you made it! Now, your new album, "Fevers and Mirrors"... Tell us a little about the title. I know there's a good deal of repeated imagery in the lyrics; fevers, mirrors, scales, clocks: Could you discuss some of this?
Sure. Let's see, the fever's...
 First, First let me say that, this is a brilliant record, man, we're all really into it here at the station and we get lots of calls, it's really good stuff.
Thanks. Thanks a lot.
 So talk about some of the symbolisms.
The fever?
 Sure!
Well, the fever is basically, what ever ails you, or oppresses you... It could be anything, in my case it's my neurosis, my: depression... but I don't want it to be limited to that... it's certainly different for different people. It's whatever keeps you up at night.
 I see.
And the, and the mirror's like, as you might have guessed, self-examination, or reflection, or whatever form. This could be vanity, or self loathing. I, I know I'm, I'm guilty of both.
 That's interesting. How about the scale?
The scales are essentially our attempt to solve our problems quantitatively, through logic or rationalization. In my opinion it's often fruitless, but... always, no, not always... And the clocks and calendars it's uh... is just... time... our little measurements, it's like, it's always chasing after us.
 It is. It is. Uh, How about this Arienette, how does she fit into all this?
Umm, I'd prefer not to talk about it, in case she's listening.
 Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't realize she was a real person.
She's not. I made her up.
 Oh, so she's not real?
Just as real as you or I.
 I don't think I understand.
Neither do I, but after I grow up, I will. I mean a lot... A lot of things: are really unclear for me right now.
 That's interesting. Ah, now you mentioned your depression...
...No I didn't.
 You're from Nebraska , right?
Yeah, so?
 Now, let me now if I'm getting too personal, but there seem to be a pretty dark past back there somewhere. What was it like for you growing up?
Dark? Not really... uh... actually I had a great childhood, my parents were wonderful. I went to a Catholic school. They have... they had money, so... it... It was all... easy. Basically I had everything I wanted, handed to me.
 Really? So some of the references, like babies in bathtubs, are not biographical?
Well I do have a brother who died in a bathtub. Drowned. Actually, I had five brothers who died that way.
[R: chuckles]
No, I'm serious. My mother drowned one every year for five consecutive years. They were all named Padraic, so, that's: They all got one song.
 Hmm.
It's kinda like walking out the door to discover it's a window.
 But your music is certainly very personal.
Of course, I put a lot of myself into what I do. But it's like, being an author you have to, free yourself to use symbolism and allegory to reach your goal and, and a part of that is, compassion, empathy for other people and their, and their situations. Some of what I sing comes from other people's experiences as well as my own. It:It shouldn't matter, the message is intended to be universal.
 I see what you mean.
Can you make that sound stop please?
 Yes! [a bell that has been softly ringing for the duration of the interview becomes silent] And your goal?
I don't know. Uh, create feelings, I guess. A song? It never ends up the way you planned it, though.
 That's funny that you say that, do you think that...
Do you ever hear things that aren't really there?
 I'm sorry, what?
Never mind. How long have you worked at this station?
 Oh, just a few minutes. Uh, now you mentioned empathy for others. Would you say that that is what motivates you to make the music that you make?
No, not really. It's more a need for sympathy. I want people to feel sorry for me. I like the feel of the burn of the audience's eyes on me when I'm whispering all my darkest secrets into the microphone. When I was a kid, I used to carry this safety pin around with me, everywhere I went in my pocket. And when people weren't paying enough attention to me, I'd dig it into my arm until I started crying. Everyone would stop what they were doing and ask me what was the matter. I guess, I guess I kinda [unintelligible].
 Really? You're telling me you're doing all this for attention?
No, I hate it when people look at me. I get nauseous. In fact, I could care less what people think, about me. Do you feel that? Wanna dance?
 No, I'm feeling sick.
I really just wanna be warm yellow light that pours all over everyone I love.
 So, uh, you're gonna play something for us now. Is this a new song?
Yeah, but I haven't written it yet. It's one I've been meaning to write, uh, called, "A Song To Pass The Time."
 Oh, that's a nice title.
[mumbles] No, it isn't. You should write your own scripts.
 Yeah, I know!
 There is a middle-aged woman she's dragging her feet.
She carries baskets of clothes to a laundromat.
While the Mexican children kick rocks into the street
And they laugh in a language I don't understand.
But I love them.
Why do I love them?
So the neighborhood is dimming as I smoke on the porch
And watch the people as they pass enclosed inside their cars.
On their faces just anger or disappointment.
I start wishing there was something I could offer them.
A consolation, what could I offer them?
And they are sad in their suburbs robots water the lawn
And everything they touch gets dusted spotless.
And so they start to believe they've not touched anything at all.
And the cars in the driveway only multiply.
They are lost in their houses.
I have heard them sing in the shower
Making speeches to their sister on the telephone.
Saying, you come home.
Woman, you come here.
Don't stay so far away from me.
This weather has me wanting love more tangible.
Something I can hold cause it's getting cold.
I say hold up our fists to the flame in the sky
To block out the light that's reaching for our eyes
Cause it... cause it would blind us. Yeah it will blind us.
Well, I've locked my actions in the grooves of routine.
So I may never be free of this apathy.
But I wait for a letter that is coming to me.
She sends me pictures of the ocean in an envelope.
So there still is hope.
Yes, I can be healed.
There is someone looking for what I've concealed
In my secret drawer, in my pockets deep,
You will find the reasons that I can't sleep and you will still want me.
But will you still want me? Will you still want?...
Well, I say come for the week.
You can sleep in my bed.
And pass through my life like a dream through my head.
It will... it will be easy. I'll make it easy.
But all I have for the moment is a song to pass the time.
A melody to keep me from worrying.
Oh, some simple progression to keep my fingers busy.
And words that are sure to come back to me
And they'll be laughing, and they'll be laughing.
My mediocrity.
My mediocrity.
(And they'll be laughing)
My brother finds comfort in calculators.
He assigns every number a name.
He believes that they add up to certainty and he is upset with fractions that remain.
So I examine these maps with my eyes and at best I can trace with my
Finger all the way to that town where she went an attempt to forget the cracks and the lines of my face.

So Jetsabel cleaned out the closets for me and she piled the boxes in the hall.
Tomorrow when she wakes she'll come take them away and they will never haunt me again.
But it is still hard to sleep with the moons heavy beams.
I run barefoot to the backyard, just to freeze in my place by the rod iron gate, too afraid and ashamed to advance.

Today I walked through the snow and found a field of headstones.
They were in rows like the weeks on calendars where each box is a day that you can never escape, without pills or the poison of sleep.
These memories leak from these faucets that weep.
Hot tears splash against the shower floor and I stand in the steam as if inside a dream--
I can see her again by the sink from behind the bathroom mirror she pulls a thermometer and placed it under my tongue.

She said "you are as pale as a sheet, you look awful my sweet lay down and wait for the sun."
So I stayed in that bed. She brought me water and read each night from a volume out loud.
She whispered soft poetry.
Her favorite was Anabel Lee.
And those words, like these drugs comforted me.
But the clocks kept waving their hands and she could not understand why my temperature would never drop.
And although she promised with tears that she would always be here I heard truth like the sounding sea.

I said, "My Arienette, oh how soon you'll forget this house will never be your home.
And you will leave in the fall when the trees become graves and their color lie dead in the grass."
Gold and green torture me like the lies I believe too easily.

Oh my Jetsabel, look at this hell that I have made.
If you want maybe drop by sometime put some flowers on my grave.
So that I will look beautiful in my silent sepulchre.
Yeah that's fine throw those dresses away I don't want anything of hers.
For the moon never shines and the stars never rise without bringing me dreams.
Haunted by the ghosts of those bright eyes.
Why do you lay in the grass?
Why do you lay there?
Don't you want to be found?
Why do you lay in the grass?
Why do you lay there?
Don't you want to be found?
Why do you lay in the grass
Why do you lay in the grass
Don't you want that
Don't you want that
Don't you want that?
Isn't the Sun even going to try to find a hole in the clouds?
Isn't the Sun even going to try to find a hole in the clouds?
Isn't it even gonna try
Isn't it even gonna try
To find a hole in the clouds
Isn't it even gonna try
Why won't it try, then
Why do you lay in the grass?
Why do you lay there?
Don't you want to be found?
Why do you lay so low in the grass?
Why do you lay there?
Don't you want to be found
Why do you lay in the grass?
Why do you lay in the grass?
Don't you want to be found?
Don't you want to be found?
I thought that you wanted that.
To pretend no one can find
The fallacies of morning rose
Forbidden fruit, hidden eyes
Courtesies that I despise in me
Take a ride, take a shot now

'Cause nobody loves me
It's true
Not like you do

Covered by the blind belief
That fantasies of sinful screens
Bear the facts, assume the dye
End the vows, no need to lie, enjoy
Take a ride, take a shot now

'Cause nobody loves me
It's true
Not like you do

Who am I, what and why?
'Cause all I have left is my memories of yesterday
Oh these sour times

'Cause nobody loves me
It's true
Not like you do

After time the bitter taste
Of innocence, decent or race
Scattered seeds, buried lives
Mysteries of our disguise revolve
Circumstance will decide ....

'Cause nobody loves me
It's true
Not like you do

'Cause nobody loves me
It's true
Not like you
Nobody loves.. me
It's true
Not, like, you.. do
Ohh........
Can anybody see the light
Where the morn meets the dew and the tide rises
Did you realise, no one can see inside your view
Did you realise, for why this sight belongs to you

Ohh........
Just set aside your fears of life
Thru this sole desire

Done it warning
Done it now
This ain't real
On in this side

Done it warning
Done it now
This ain't real
On in this side



Done it warning
Done it now
This ain't real

Done it warning
Done it now
This ain't real
On in this side

Ohh............
Can anybody see the light
Were the morn meets the dew and the tide rises
Did you realise, no one can ever see inside you view
Did you realise, forewhy this sight belongs to you
I don't want to hurt you
For no reason have I but fear
And I ain't guilty of the crimes you accuse me of
But I'm guilty of fear

I'm sorry to remind
You but I'm scared of what we're creating
This life ain't fair
You don't get something for nothing, turn now
Mmmm gotta try a little harder

It could be sweet
Like a long forgotten dream
And we don't need them to cast the fate we have
Love don't always shine thru

Cos I don't wanna lose
What we had last time your leaving this life ain't fair
You don't get something for nothing, turn now
Mmmm gotta try a little harder

It could be sweet.....

But the thoughts we try to deny
Take a toll upon our lives
We struggle on in depths of pride
Tangled up in single minds

Cos I don't wanna lose
What we had last time your leaving this life ain't fair
You don't get something for nothing, turn back
Mmmm gotta try a little harder

Cos I don't wanna lose
What we had last time your leaving this life ain't fair
You don't get something for nothing, turn back
Mmmm gotta try a little harder

It could be sweet
Please could you stay awhile to share my grief
For its such a lovely day
To have to always feel this way
And the time that I will suffer less
Is when I never have to wake

Wandering stars, for whom it is reserved
The blackness of darkness forever
Wandering stars, for whom it is reserved
The blackness of darkness forever

... Those who have seen the needles eye, now tread
Like a husk, from which all that was, now has fled
And the masks, that the monsters wear
To feed, upon their prey

Wandering stars, for whom it is reserved
The blackness of darkness forever
Wandering stars, for whom it is reserved
The blackness of darkness forever



(always) doubled up inside
Take awhile to shed my grief
(always) doubled up inside
Taunted, cruel.... ...

Wandering stars, for whom it is reserved
The blackness of darkness forever
Wandering stars, for whom it is reserved
The blackness of darkness forever
Its a fire
These dreams they pass me by
This salvation I desire
Keeps getting me down

Cos we need to
Recognise mistakes
For time and again

So let it be known for what we believe in
I can see no reason for it to fail.... ...

Cos this life is a farce
I can't breathe through this mask
Like a fool
So breathe on, sister breathe on

From this oneself
Testify or tell
Its fooling us now

So let it be known for what we believe in
I can see no reason for it to fail...

Cos this life is a farce
I can't breathe through this mask
Like a fool
So breathe on, little sister, breathe on
Ohh so breathe on, little sister, like a fool
Unable so lost
I can't find my way
Been searching, but I have never seen
A turning, a turning from deceit

Cos the child roses like
Try to reveal what I could feel

I can't understand myself anymore
But I m still feeling lonely
Feeling so unholy

Cos the child roses like
Try to reveal what I could feel
But this loneliness
It just won't leave me alone

I'm fooling somebody
A faithless path to roam
Deceiving to breath this secretly
This silence, a silence I can't bear

Cos the child roses like
Try to reveal what I could feel
And this loneliness
It just won't leave me alone
And this loneliness,
It just won't leave me alone, ohh no

A lady of war

A lady of war
Ohh, can't anybody see
We've got a war to fight
Never found our way
Regardless of what they say

How can it feel, this wrong
From this moment
How can it feel, this wrong

Storm.. in the morning light
I feel
No more can I say
Frozen to myself

I got nobody on my side
And surely that ain't right
And surely that ain't right

Ohh, can't anybody see
We've got a war to fight
Never found our way
Regardless of what they say

How can it feel, this wrong
From this moment
How can it feel, this wrong



How can it feel, this wrong
This moment
How can it feel, this wrong

Ohh, can't anybody see
We've got a war to fight
Never found our way
Regardless of what they say

How can it feel, this wrong
From this moment
How can it feel, this wrong
How can I believe this miracle
Where the wind blows dry
Thru the force of a man
Undenied by his eye

You abandoned me
How I suffer
Ridicule breathes a sigh
You abandoned me
Lost forever
Hush, can you hear.....

Enter and rejoice this pedestal
Where the rainbows hide
Your destiny
Mystery of all time

No time make or reason
Ridicule breathes a sigh
No time make or reason
Hush, hear him cry....



No time, make or reason
No time, make or reason
No time, make or reason
I'm lost, exposed
Stranger things will come your way
Its just I'm scared
Got hurt along time ago
I can't make myself heard no matter how hard I scream

Oh sensation
Sin, slave of sensation

Full fed yet I still hunger
Torn inside
Haunted I tell myself, yet I still wander
Down, inside, its tearing me apart

Oh sensation
Sin, slave of sensation

I'll never fall in love again
It's all over now



Oh sensation
Sin, slave of sensation

At last, relief
A mothers son has left me sheer
The shores I seek
Are crimson tastes divine
I can't make myself heard, no matter how hard I scream

Oh sensation
Sin slave of sensation

I'll never fall in love again
It's all over now
I'm so tired of playing
Playing with this bow and arrow
Gonna give my heart away
Leave it to the other girls to play
For I've been a temptress too long

Just...

Give me a reason to love you
Give me a reason to be a woman
I just wanna be a woman

From this time, unchained
We're all looking at a different picture
Through this new frame of mind
A thousand flowers could bloom
Move over and give us some room

Give me a reason to love you
Give me a reason to be a woman
I just wanna be a woman

So don't you stop being a man
Just take a little look from outside when you can
Show a little tenderness
No matter if you cry

Give me a reason to love you
Give me a reason to be a woman
It's all I wanna be is all woman

For this is the beginning of forever and ever

It's time to move over...
Smeared black ink... your palms are sweaty
And I'm barely listening to last demands
I'm staring at the asphalt wondering what's buried underneath
Where I am
Where I am

I'll wear my badge... a vinyl sticker with big block letters adherent to my chest
That tells your new friends I am a visitor here...
I am not permanent
And the only thing keeping me dry is
Where I am
Where I am
Where I am

You seem so out of context in this gaudy apartment complex
A stranger with your door key explaining that I am just visiting
And I am finally seeing
Why I was the one worth leaving
Why I was the one worth leaving

D.C. sleeps alone tonight

Where I am
Where I am
Where I am

You seem so out of context in this gaudy apartment complex
A stranger with your door key explaining that I am just visiting
And I am finally seeing
Why I was the one worth leaving
Why I was the one worth leaving

Where I am
Where I am
Where I am

The district sleeps alone tonight after the bars turn out their lights
And send the autos swerving into the loneliest evening
And I am finally seeing
Why I was the one worth leaving
Why I was the one worth leaving
Why I was the one worth leaving
Why I was the one worth leaving
I am thinking it's a sign
That the freckles in our eyes
Are mirror images and when
We kiss they're perfectly aligned

And I have to speculate
That God himself did make
Us into corresponding shapes
Like puzzle pieces from the clay

And true, it may seem like a stretch,
But its thoughts like this that catch
My troubled head when you're away
When I am missing you to death

When you are out there on the road
For several weeks of shows
And when you scan the radio,
I hope this song will guide you home

They will see us waving from such great heights,
"Come down now," they'll say
But everything looks perfect from far away,
"Come down now," but we'll stay...

I tried my best to leave
This all on your machine
But the persistent beat it sounded thin
Upon listening

And that frankly will not fly.
You will hear the shrillest highs
And lowest lows with the windows down
When this is guiding you home

They will see us waving from such great heights,
"Come down now," they'll say
But everything looks perfect from far away,
"Come down now," but we'll stay...

They will see us waving from such great heights,
"Come down now," they'll say
But everything looks perfect from far away,
"Come down now," but we'll stay...

They will see us waving from such great heights,
"Come down now."
They will see us waving from such great heights,
"Come down now."
Last week I had the strangest dream
Where everything was exactly how it seemed
Where there was never any mystery of who shot John F. Kennedy
It was just a man with something to prove
Slightly bored and severely confused
He steadied his rifle with his target in the center
And became famous on that day in November

Don't wake me I plan on sleeping
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping in
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping in

Again last night I had that strange dream
Where everything was exactly how it seemed
Where concerns about the world getting warmer
The people thought they were just being rewarded
For treating others as they'd like to be treated
For obeying stop signs and curing diseases
For mailing letters with the address of the sender
Now we can swim any day in November

Don't wake me I plan on sleeping
(now we can swim any day in November)
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping in
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping in


Don't wake me I plan on sleeping in
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping
OOo oOo oOo


Don't wake me I plan on sleeping in
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping
OOo oOo oOo
(Don't wake me I plan on sleeping in
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping)

Don't wake me I plan on sleeping in
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping
OOo oOo oOo
Will someone please call a surgeon
Who can crack my ribs and repair this broken heart
That you're deserting for better company?
I can't accept that it's over...
And I will block the door like a goalie tending the net
In the third quarter of a tied-game rivalry

So just say how to make it right
And i swear I'll do my best to comply

Tell me am i right to think that there could be nothing better
Than making you my bride and slowly growing old together

I feel I must interject here you're getting carried away feeling sorry for yourself
With these revisions and gaps in history
So let me help you remember.
I've made charts and graphs that should finally make it clear.
I've prepared a lecture on why i have to leave

So please back away and let me go
I can't my darling i love you so...

Oh, oh

Tell me am i right to think that there could be nothing better
Than making you my bride and slowly growing old together
Don't you feed me lines about some idealistic future
Your heart won't heal right if you keep tearing out the sutures

I know that I have made mistakes and i swear
I'll never wrong you again
You've got a lure i can't deny,
But you've had your chance so say goodbye
Say goodbye
I take a breath and pull the air in 'til there's nothing left
I'm feeling green like teenage lovers between the sheets

Ba ba ba ba ...

Knuckles clenched to white as the landing gear retract for flight
My head's a balloon inflating with the altitude

Ba ba ba ba...

I watch the patchwork farms' slow fade into the ocean's arms
And from here they can't see me stare
The stale taste of recycled air
I watch the patchwork farms' slow fade into the ocean's arms
Calm down, release your cares
The stale taste of recycled air
I was waiting for a cross-town train in the London underground when it struck me
That I've been waiting since birth to find a love that would look and sound like a movie
So I changed my plans I rented a camera and a van and then I called you
"I need you to pretend that we are in love again" and you agreed to

I want so badly to believe that "there is truth, that love is real"
And I want life in every word to the extent that it's absurd

I greased the lens and framed the shot using a friend as my stand-in
The script it called for rain but it was clear that day so we faked it
The marker snapped and I yelled "quiet on the set" and then called "action!"
And I kissed you in a style that Clark Gable would have admired (I thought it classic)

I want so badly to believe that "there is truth, that love is real"
And I want life in every word to the extent that it's absurd

I know you're wise beyond your years, but do you ever get the fear
That your perfect verse is just a lie you tell yourself to help you get by?
I've got a cupboard with cans of food, filtered water,
And pictures of you and I'm not coming out
Until this is all over
And I'm looking through the glass where the light bends
At the cracks
And I'm screaming at the top of my lungs pretending
The echoes belong to someone
Someone I used to know

And we become silhouettes when our bodies finally go
Ba ba ba...

I wanted to walk through the empty streets
And feel something constant under my feet,
But all the news reports recommended that
I stay indoors
Because the air outside will make our cells
Divide at an alarming rate until our shells
Simply cannot hold all our insides in,
And that's when we'll explode
(and it won't be a pretty sight)

And we'll become silhouettes when our bodies finally go
Ba ba ba...
And we'll become silhouettes when our bodies finally go
Ba ba ba...
And we'll become silhouettes when our bodies finally go
Ba ba ba...
And we'll become silhouettes when our bodies finally go
Ba ba ba...

And we'll become
And we'll become
This place is a prison
And these people aren't your friends
Inhaling thrills through $20 bills
And the tumblers are drained and then flooded again
And again

Ther're guards at the on ramps armed to the teeth
And you may case the grounds from the cascades to puget sound,
But you are not permitted to leave

I know there's a big world out there like the one i saw on the screen
In my living room late last night,
It was almost too bright to see
And i know that it's not a party if it happens every night
Pretending there's glamour and candelabra
When you're drinking by candlelight

What does it take to get a drink in this place?

What does it take, how long must i wait?
I'll be the grapes fermented,
Bottled and served with the table set in my finest suit
Like a perfect gentlemen
I'll be the fire escape that's bolted to the ancient brick
Where you will sit and contemplate your day

I'll be the waterwings that save you if you start drowning
In an open tab when your judgment's on the brink
I'll be the phonograph that plays your favorite
Albums back as you're lying there drifting off to sleep...
I'll be the platform shoes and undo what heredity's done to you...
You won't have to strain to look into my eyes
I'll be your winter coat buttoned and zipped straight to the throat
With the collar up so you won't catch a cold

I want to take you far from the cynics in this town
And kiss you on the mouth
We'll cut our bodies free from the tethers of this scene,
Start a brand new colony
Where everything will change,
We'll give ourselves new names (identities erased)
The sun will heat the grounds
Under our bare feet in this brand new colony
Everything will change, oOo oOo...
I'll write you a song and it won't be hard to sing
It will be a natural anthem, familiar it will seem
It will rally all the workers on strike for better pay
And its chorus will resound and boost morale throughout the day

I'll write you a song and I hope that you won't mind
Because all the names and places I have taken from real life
So please don't be upset at this portrait that I paint
It may be a little biased, but at least I spelled your name right...
I never knew this could happen to me
I know now fragility
I know there's people who I haven't told
I know of people who are getting old

Wish I could speak in just one sweep
What you are and what you mean to me
Instead I mumble randomly
You stand by and enlighten me

In a dream I lost my teeth again
Calling me woman and half man
Yes in a dream all my teeth fell out
A cracked smile and a silent shout
A cracked smile and a silent shout

If I explain it once thoroughly
He'll have you later 'cause it's never free
You were at the gigantic spree
I caught a glimpse now it haunts me
I caught a glimpse now it haunts me
Eyes are sober and this is the plan
I'm sitting in a car heading Neverland
A fancy man a fancy man
He's pointing with the fingers that are left on his hand

Eyes are hazel but far too cold
Looking out for love
But none of us can
Where's the monkey that I've been told of
I'm staring at the money
That burns in my hand
I'm dancing for dollars
And for a fancy man

Come right over
I'll knock on your shoulder
This is a story and this is what I've planned
An angry man an angry man
Nothing is more fatal than an angry man

Vulnerable heights
Feed the hand that bites me
Following the steam into another room
Standing in the corner
Is this my home
Showing us love that none of us can
I'm singing for money
That burns in my hand

Tell me
Will I make it home tonight

I'm doing it for dollars and for a fancy man
I've got a lot of money that burns in my hand
oming home after a long, long walk
Coming home after a dozen of walks
Coming home after a long, long war
Coming home after a dozen of wars

We are out of wind
We have pockmarked chin
We have lots of water
We turn the other cheek and we win

One thousand stories and there's always more
We've been offered one more lap to go
In my hand I hold a key
It's dear to me cause I know where it leads

We are out of wind
We have pockmarked chin
We have all this water
We turn the other cheek with a grin
We came down from the north
Blue hands and a torch
Red wine and food for free
A possibility
We share our mothers' health
It is what we've been dealt
What's in it for me
Fine, then I'll agree

Trees there will be
Apples, fruits maybe
You know what I fear
The end is always near

Trees there will be
Apples, fruits maybe
You know what I fear
The end is always near

Say you like it
Say you need it
When you don't
Looking better
Shining brighter
Than you do

Say you like it
Say you need it
When you don't
Looking better
Shining brighter
Than you do

Say you like it (Trees there will be)
Say you need it (Apples, fruits maybe)
When you don't (You know what I fear, the end is always near)
Looking better (Trees there will be)
Shining brighter (Apples, fruits maybe)
Than you do (You know what I fear, the end is always near)

Say you like it (We came down from the north)
Say you need it (Blue hands and a torch)
When you don't (Red wine and food for free, a possibility)
Looking better (We share our mothers' health)
Shining brighter (It is what we've been dealt)
Than you do (What's in it for me, fine, then I'll agree)

Say you like it (Trees there will be)
Say you need it (Apples, fruits maybe)
When you don't (You know what I fear, the end is always near)
Looking better (Trees there will be)
Shining brighter (Apples, fruits maybe)
Than you do (You know what I fear, the end is always near)
've got soul in my bones
Got a home, a dog and a man to call my own
Every month
I've got my period
To take care of
And to collect in blue tampons

Na na na
Na na na

I've got mace, pepper-spray
And some shoes that runs faster than a rapist rapes
What I need is chemical castrations, hope and godspeed

Na na na
Na na na

What I need is chemical castrations, hope and godspeed...
I cut your nails and comb your hair
I carry you down the stairs
I wanted to see right through from the other side
I wanted to walk a trail with no end in sight

The moment we believe that we have never met
Another kind of love it's easy to forget
When we are all alone then we do both agree
We have a thing in common this was meant to be

You close my eyes and soothe my ears
You heal my wounds and dry my tears
On the inside of this marble house I grow
And the seeds I sow will grow up prisoners too

The moment we believe that we have never met
Another kind of love it's easy to forget
When we are all alone then we do both agree
We have a thing in common this was meant to be

Now where's your shoulder
What is its name
What's your scent
Say it again

If it goes faster can you still follow me
It must be safe when it's on TV

I raise my hands to heaven for curiosity
I don't know what to ask for
What has it got for me
The others say we're hiding
It's as forward as can be
Some things I do for money
Some things I do for free
Sharpen my body like a pen
Come on I need to show it
Something too small for a lense
If I rub it, if I wipe it

Guiding with one single hand
Nothing's wrong, you like the feeling
I am all over the land
Come on, I need to show it

Back on the mountain again
I was standing watching seasons
You're now my only friend
I'm too heavy, I'm the burden

Sitting and picking on myself
It's a shiny, shiny morning
And when the light finds my eye
I'll be fleeting like a scent

I hold my breath and then count to three
On and on, outworn
Must be five hundred degrees
Can't sail on, outworn

I hold my breath and then count to three
On and on, outworn
Must be five hundred degrees
Will it show, in my show
We can not wait much longer
We want happiness back
We want control of our bodies
Everything we've lacked
I think I even liked it
If the feeling was mine
A little something about my body
Is it the warmth inside

When we come home, we want it quiet and calm
We want you to sing us a song
When we come home, we pull the curtains down
Making sure that the TV is on

If you move a little closer
I'll tell you what's my aim
It's every evening on a big screen
Hosted by celebrities
I had a dream about deleting and killer whales
Is it the feeling of your body
Or is it the feeling of mine

When we come home, we want it quiet and calm
We want you to be around
When we come home, we pull the curtains down
Making sure that the TV is on

From off to on
From off to on
Too far away from the city
Some kids left on their own
They said we had a communist in the family
I had to wear a mask

Too far away from the city
We had to make this room
Fathers were football players, Volvo workers, policemen
What the mothers did I didn't know

Music tonight
I just want your music tonight

I saw her by the organ
She was laughing while pressing the keys
She said my favourite book was dirty and
"You should not show you can read"

Too far away from the city
We never heard its noise
We learned how to stay fit and things like
Green tones hide the blush

Music tonight
I just want your music tonight
Music tonight
I just want your music tonight

Too far away from the city
We came to breathe clean air
Nature lovers' safe oasis
And the mothers walked towards the forest

Music tonight
I just want your music tonight
Music tonight
I just want your music tonight
I've got a new story now and it goes like this
I took my hand out of my pocket, up came a fist
It was headline news, one more abuse
I've got to tell it with a fist
It goes like this

Ho ho ho ho (Ho ho ho ho)
Huh huh huh huh (Huh huh huh huh)
Ho ho ho ho (Ho ho ho ho)
Huh huh huh huh (Huh huh huh huh)

So where's the femininity
The one with skirts and high heels
A shiny sink and home made meals
The one and only way
If you enter you'll stay
Sons and daughters you will breed
As long as you breastfeed
Yeah, being a man is a bliss
One hit, one kiss

Ho ho ho ho (Ho ho ho ho)
Huh huh huh huh (Huh huh huh huh)
Ho ho ho ho (Ho ho ho ho)
Huh huh huh huh (Huh huh huh huh)

Then the lights came on, it was all a scene
Bend back, give head, it's not pornography
If you do it with lights, then it's art you see
If you do it with a twist
Yes, artistically

Ho ho ho ho (Ho ho ho ho)
Huh huh huh huh (Huh huh huh huh)
Ho ho ho ho (Ho ho ho ho)
Huh huh huh huh (Huh huh huh huh)

I could do the laundry, the women's work
For a reasonable salary I would wash the world
It wouldn't affect my libido or my self esteem
Don't need to mark my territory
It's all obvious to me
It's manhood's bliss
One hit, one kiss
Spending time with my family
Like the Corleones

Ho ho ho ho (Ho ho ho ho)
Huh huh huh huh (Huh huh huh huh)
Ho ho ho ho (Ho ho ho ho)
Huh huh huh huh (Huh huh huh huh)

Spending time with my family
Like the Corleones
The doctor came in the morning
She held my hand
And asked "was it worth it?"
"Could it be worse than this?"
Please recall
Give me a hint
Anything will do
If this was the last time now you should tell us what to do

I was afraid I guess
Now I can't think no more
I was so concentrated
On keeping things together
I've learned to focus on
I didn't want to disappoint
Now where is everybody
Is it still light outside?
[Kim]
You're it
No, you're it
Hey, you're really it
You're it
No I mean it, you're it

Say it
Don't spray it
Spirit desire (face me)
Spirit desire (don't displace me)
Spirit desire
We will fall

Miss me
Don't dismiss me

Spirit desire

Spirit desire
We will fall
Spirit desire
We will fall
Spirit desire
We will fall
Spirit desire
We will fall

[Thurston]
Everybody's talking 'bout the stormy weather
And what's a man do to but work out whether it's true?
Looking for a man with a focus and a temper
Who can open up a map and see between one and two

Time to get it
Before you let it
Get to you

Here he comes now
Stick to your guns
And let him through

Everybody's coming from the winter vacation
Taking in the sun in a exaltation to you
You come running in on platform shoes
With Marshall stacks
To at least just give us a clue
Ah, here it comes
I know it's someone I knew

Teenage riot in a public station
Gonna fight and tear it up in a hypernation for you

Now I see it
I think I'll leave it out of the way
Now I come near you
And it's not clear why you fade away

Looking for a ride to your secret location
Where the kids are setting up a free-speed nation, for you
Got a foghorn and a drum and a hammer that's rockin'
And a cord and a pedal and a lock, that'll do me for now

It better work out
I hope it works out my way
'Cause it's getting kind of quiet in my city's head
Takes a teen age riot to get me out of bed right now

You better look it
We're gonna shake it
Up to him

He acts the hero
We paint a zero
On his hand

We know it's down
We know it's bound too loose
Everybody's sound is round it
Everybody wants to be proud to choose
So who's to take the blame for the stormy weather
You're never gonna stop all the teenage leather and booze

It's time to go round
A one man showdown
Teach us how to fail

We're off the streets now
And back on the road
On the riot trail
[Thurston]
Snake in it
Jack into the wall
TV amp on fire
Blowin' in the hall
Gun yr. sled
Close yr. peeping toms
Turbo organizer
Crankin' on the knob

You got it
Yeh ride the silver rocket
Can't stop it
Burnin hole in yr pocket

Hit the power
Psycho helmets on
You got to splice yr. halo
Take it to a moon
Nymphoid clamor
Fuelling up the hammer
You got to fake out the robot
And pulse up the zoom

You got it
Yeh ride the silver rocket
Can't stop it
Burnin hole in yr pocket

Can't forget the flashing
Can't forget the smashing
The sending and the bending
The ampisphere re-entry
You gotta have the time
Got a letter in your mind
Gotta heart injection
That you got yourself a line

You got it
Yeh ride the silver rocket
Can't stop it
Burnin hole in yr pocket
To the extent that I wear skirts
And cheap nylon slips
I've gone native
I wanted to know the exact dimension of hell
Does this sound simple?
Fuck you! Are you for sale?
Does 'Fuck you' sound simple enough?
This was the only part that turned me on
But he was candy all over

Come on down to the store
You can buy some more, and more, and more, and more
You can buy some more, and more, and more, and more
You can buy some more, and more, and more, and more
You can buy some more, and more, and more, and more

I grew up in a shotgun row
Sliding down the hill
Out front were the big machines
Steel and rusty now I guess
Outback was the river
And that big sign down the road
That's where it all started

Come on down to the store
You can buy some more, and more, and more, and more
Come on down to the store
You can buy some more, and more, and more, and more
Come on down to the store
You can buy some more, and more, and more, and more
You can buy some more, more, more, more
Let's go walking on the water
Come all the way please
I wanna know
Should I stay or go?

No need to be scared
Let's jump into the day
I wanna know
I think I oughta go

Close your eyes and make believe
You can do whatever you please
I wanna know
I think I better go

Let's go walkin on water
Now you think I'm Satan's daughter
I wanna know
Please let me go!

Just too quick
Now I think I'm gonna be sick
I wanna know
Should I stay or go?

I'm trying for the future
It's funny that way
I wanna know
I wanna know!

I took a look into the hate
It made me feel very up to date
I wanna know
Should I stay or go?

Hold me tight, down on my knees
So I don't go burning 'cross the breeze
I wanna know
I wanna know!

I wanna know
Should I stay or go?

Burning 'cross the breeze
Burning 'cross the breeze
Blowing 'cross the breeze
Hatred
I hate the past

I can't see anything at all, all I see is me
That's clear enough
And that's whats important, to see me

My eyes can focus
My brain is talking
Looks pretty good to me
My head's on straight, my girlfriend's beautiful
Looks pretty good to me

Sometimes I speak
Tonight there's nothing to say
Sometimes we freak
And laugh all day

Hold these pages up to the light
See the jacknife inside of the dream
A railroad runs through the record stores at night
Coming in for the deep freeze

Mary: a simple word, are you there in the country?
Yr eyes so full, yr head so tight
Can't you hear me?
Remember our talk
That day on the phone?
I was the door, and you were the station
With shattered glass and miles between us
We still flew away in the conversation

My cup is full, and I feel okay
The world is dull, but not today

She think's she's a goddess
She says she talks to the spirits
I wonder if she can talk to herself?
If she can bear to hear it?

This is Eric's trip
We've all come to watch him slip
He's slipping all the way to Texas
Can you dig it?

(Eric says "The sky is blue...")
I see with a glass eye
The pavement view
A shadow forming, across the fields rushing
Thru me to you

We tore down the world, and put up four walls
I breathe in the myth
I'm over the city, fucking the future
I'm high and inside yr kiss

We can't see clear
But what we see is a alright
We make up what we can't hear
And then we sing all night

Scattered pages and shattered lights
A jacknife and a dream
There's something moving over there on the right
Like nothing I've never seen
It start at the top
Now it's spiralling down
Works best when it's lost
Diggin' under the ground

Never mind it now
We can bring it back
It's total trash
And it's a natural fact
That I'm not no cow

It's never the same
It's more than a game
Can't take it away
Can't kill all the shame

It's a guilty man
That increased the crack
It's total trash
Sack 'em on the back
With a heavy rock

There he goes again
Magic monkey friend
Can I love the time
That he seems to spend
With all the kids in town

It start at the top
Now it's spiralling down
Works best when it's lost
Diggin' under the ground

Never mind it now
We can bring it back
It's total trash
And it's a natural fact
That I'm not no cow
Hey Joni put it all behind you
Hey Joni now I've put it all behind me too
These times can't add up
Yr life is such a mess
Forget the past, and just say yes

Tell me Joni, am I the one
To see you through?
In this broken town can you still jack in
And know what to do?
I remember our youth, our high ideals
I remember you were so uptight
That time in the trees, we broke that vice
We took some steps and now
We can't think twice

Tell me Joni, am I right by you?
Tell me how yr gonna lose this hard luck?
Hey Joni, when will all these dreams come true?
You'd better find a way
To climb down off that truck

Shots ring out from the center of an empty field
Joni's in the tall grass
She's a beautiful mental jukebox
A sailboat explosion
A snap of electric whipcrack

She's not thinking about the future
She's not spinning her wheels
She doesn't think at all about the past
She thinking long and hard
About that high wild sound
And wondering will it last?

Kick it

Hey Joni, put it all behind you
There's something turning, Joni, turning right to you
My head burns, but I know you'll speak the truth, hey!
Hey Joni, put it all behind you
Hey Joni, now I've put it all behind me too
Forget the future
These times are such a mess
Tune out the past, and just say yes

It's 1963
It's 1964
It's 1957
It's 1962

Put it all behind you
Now it's all behind you
"Watt Here! I'm downstairs from your window... if you're up...
Pub 'phone booth... if you're up...(I get tense) [Beep]"

"Thurston! Watt! Thurston! I think it's ten thirty, we're calling
From Providence, Rhode Island. Did you find your shit? You gotta
Watch the motin' Thurston, your fuckin' memory just goes out tha window.
We couldn't find it in the van at all, we wonderin' if you looked in
That trash can. When we threw out that trash, man, was the bag in
Your hand, did you dump it? Call later. Bye."
I see a dog star divin' at his magic, snatchin'
Keeps me up awake go crystal cracking
I can't wait
I can't stay, a candle
Gotta change my mind before it burns out

I'm the Cocker on the rock
Wind is whipping through my stupid mop

I see a falling snowgirl walking Broadway
Turns the corner at 14th and I know there's no way
It's alright
It's alight candle
And I know she'll be okay by Sunday

I'm the Cocker on the rock
Humming bash starts shining
In your electric clock

It's safe to say, candle
Tonight's the day, candle
It's alright now, candle
The wind's away, candle
Never thought I'd see a dog star falling

I'm the Cocker on the rock
Wind is whipping through my stupid mop
Rain King ensures there's nowhere to go
It's jet stream, daydream, cocksure hard luck show
His lips a fountain
His daylight sparks
He's a shotgun, schoolyard, street-wise, white-hot kid
Little whipcream, phone call, breakdown, Rain King fist
His mind a countdown
His daydream sparks

I need three years to clear these thoughts, hey
I like to say I knew one true thing
It feels like years and all I've done is fought
And not turned up, anything

Little black, take roll and roll, over my bed
I'm waiting here for, some reality crease
There's one big deadend, in my head
And not a moment of peace

Crossfire, Rain King, with his cadillac, kid
Marries every dictionary from his chain-yard bliss
His lips a fountain
His daylight sparks
He's got a shot in his kick forging the real, when
He's a steel drum, wedding ring, Pontiac door knob ten
His mind a countdown
His daylight sparks

Hung up on a speed king nation, caught up on a nail
Hanging tight with time, at least, a little while
Your sister is a beauty when she's naked, like my kid
I hear this world, cool world, dreaming of a peaceful kiss
Look into my eyes, don't you trust me
Yr so good you could go far
I'll put you in a movie, don't you want to
You could be a star
You could go far
You've got twistability
You fly hard, don't you wanna
You've got kissability
You could be a star, it ain't hard

Yr driving me crazy, I feel so sick
Yr driving me crazy, give us a kiss

Look into my eyes, don't you trust me
Yr so soft, you make me hard
I'll put you on a movie, don't you wanna
You could be a star, you could go far
You've got kissability
You sigh hard, don't you wanna
You've got twistability
You could be a star, it ain't hard

Yr driving me crazy, you smell so sick
I feel so tired, you made me sick
Yr driving me crazy, if I feel so sick
Yr driving me crazy, if I feel so sick

Look into my eyes, don't you dis' me
You're so good, you could go far
I'll put you in a movie, don't you wanna
You could be a star, you could go far
You've got twistability
You fly hard, don't you wanna
You've got kissability
You could be a star, it ain't hard

You're driving me crazy, I feel so sick
You're driving me crazy, give us a kiss
See flashing eyes
They're flashing cross to me
Burnin up the sky
Sunshinin to me
Yr locus crown
Copkillin heartbeat
Head's lookin down
Bowin out to the street

I'm just walking around
Yr city is a wonder town

Lips red to white
Lips green in blacked night
Yr spirit flares
Flarin up leonine

I'm just walking around
Yr city is a wonder town

Transmitter rhyme
Transmitter all the time
Lookin up to the sky
I'm seeing ghosts flyin

I'm just walkin around
Yr city is a wonder town

I think I been there once before
Something tells me there's so much more
She's back in town to even the score
Time to go

See flashing eyes
They're flashing 'cross to me
Burnin' up the sky
Sunshining into me
Your locus crown
Cop-killin' heartbeat
Head's lookin' down
Bowin' out, to the street

I'm just walkin' around
Your city is a wonder town

[Hyperstation]

[Thurston]
Falling out of sleep, I hit the floor
Put on some rock tee and I'm out with the door
From Bowery to Broome to Greene, I'm a walking lizard
Last night's dream was a talking baby lizard

All comin' from hu-man imagination
Day dreaming days in a daydream nation

Smashed-up against a car at three A.M.
Kids just up for basketball, beat me in my head
There's bum trash in my hall and my place is ripped
I've totaled another amp, I'm calling in sick

It's an anthem in a vacuum on a hyperstation
Day dreaming days in a daydream nation

[Eliminator Jr.]

[Kim]
Kids cruise away, pack of chickenshits
This guy is ours, dark stains on his pants
Enough to make a butcher out of the bone
Take a walk in the park? Shit, yeah!

A poor boy, a rich boy
A poor rich boy coming right through me
Rich boy, poor boy
Poor rich boy coming right through me
