I HATE LABELS.
 I DON’T LIKE HAVING TO PUT EVERYTHING INTO LITTLE BOXES.
 BUT IF YOU HAD TO LABEL ME, I GUESS YOU COULD CALL ME… REAL.
I WANT TO BE THE SAME AS ALL THE DIFFERENT PEOPLE.
LANA DEL REY IS ONE OF THE BEST MUSICAL EXPONENTS OF HER GENERATION.
IS THIS VEGAN?.
YOU CAN’T BEGIN TO FULLY APPRECIATE KAFKA UNTIL YOU READ HIM IN GERMAN.
IT’S NOT A SCARF.
 IT’S A TRADITIONAL COLOMBIAN GARMENT.
THEY SOUND SO MUCH BETTER ON VINYL.
WHEN I DIE, I’M LEAVING MY BODY TO ART.
CAN YOU CALL ME BACK? I’M KNITTING A COVER FOR MY IPAD.
MY MUSIC DOESN’T REALLY HAVE A GENRE, BUT IF I HAD TO DEFINE IT I’D PROBABLY SAY ‘ORGANIC GARAGE’.
WHAT’S YOUR INSTAGRAM HANDLE?.
IT’S KIND OF LIKE BONO MEETS WEEZER? BUT IT’S JUST ME AND A UKULELE.
I HEARD SHE’S MAKING SOME SERIOUS WAVES IN THE HEMP INDUSTRY.
WELL YOU CAN’T JUST GET THEM ANYWHERE, YOU NEED TO KNOW THE RIGHT PLACES.
…AND THIS IS MY GIRLFRIEND, RAINBOWE.
IS THAT FAIR TRADE?.
I GOT DONNIE DARKO THE FIRST TIME I WATCHED IT.
SOMEONE REALLY NEEDS TO INVENT A MOUSTACHE-FRIENDLY HARMONICA.
I SAW THEM IN THIS REALLY SMALL VENUE LAST YEAR.
IT’S FROM THE ORGANIC FRUIT STALL ON CHAMBERS STREET.
 YOU’VE PROBABLY NEVER HEARD OF IT.
I’M THINKING OF TAKING SOME TIME OFF TO WORK ON MY SOLO STUFF.
THANKS, I WOVE IT MYSELF.
SOVEREIGN RINGS ARE SO CLICHÉ-CHIC.
BON IVER IS SUCH A SELLOUT.
UGH… ARIAL.
I BET HIS AFRO ISN’T EVEN IRONIC.
THIS IS DEFINITELY GOING INTO MY BLOG.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU’RE OUT OF LEATHER IPHONE PURSES?.
YOU CALL THAT A FEDORA?.
WELL I’M PLANNING ON MOVING TO LONDON TO OPEN MY OWN GLUTEN-FREE BAKERY, BUT AT THE MOMENT I’M JUST KIND OF LAYING LOW AND WORKING ON MY NOVEL.
Hey want to come to my high school play except I’m calling it a band?.
I’m writing a book called “Chicken Soup for the Twenty-Something Teenage Soul.”.
Should I get excited when a mainstream artist is nominated for a mainstream award?.
Kids on the Youtube, learning how to be cool.
Rather be dead than cool.
I’m beat to the square, and square to the beat, and that’s my vocation.
They're actually not that good live.
I was into them like, two years ago.
I like the remix better.
Have you heard their side project?.
Their single is the worst song on the album.
This is the most important album of the decade.
My friend used to date the lead singer.
I only like their early stuff.
The radio ruined that song.
I grew up with them.
Your beanie can never be too far back on your head.
I dont match colors.
 Colors match themselves.
I think rolling up my pant legs to my ankles is just a must on all occasions.
Yeah I totally would sign up for Greenpeace.
100% non-chinese child labor clothing is my ish.
Who are you again?.
I HEARD SHE’S MAKING SOME SERIOUS WAVES IN THE HEMP INDUSTRY.
Sorry, I only use products that are still in beta.
I don't believe in labels.
IS IT EVEN ORGANIC?.
CAN YOU NOT?!.
VEGAN.
LOL.
I CANT EVEN.
I KIND OF WANT A HOT DOG.
IM SO EXCITED FOR FALL.
YOU GUYS!.
WHAT DOES YOUR TATTOO MEAN?.
MEET YOU AT THE PARK BRING YOUR DOGS LETS TALK ABOUT TATTOOS.
like i have money.
sorry not sorry.
my struggle bus is vintage.
i got it at a thrift store across town.
i have to order parts from europe to fix my bike.
but how do you know it's fair trade?.
is this ice cream vegan?.
are you sure about that?.
you've probably never heard of them.
i only eat at pop ups and food truck.
their food went to shit when they went brick and mortar.
Because duh.
Stop it right now.
Really tho.
Said no one ever.
Wait but why?.
Literally dying.
Srsly.
Srsly?.
#THIS.
My phone died.
Do you have any cash?.
They only take cash.
I know, right?.
Totes.
he would be so much more attractive if he didn't post so many selfies.
I'm nowhere close to where I thought I'd be at this age.
 What am I doing with my life?.
Dude, I got so turnt last night!.
This article doe.
That party was too turnt!.
It’s hella hot outside today.
Karen only wears oversized frockets and leggings.
 She’s hella basic.
She threw shade at me in front of everyone and thought I wouldn’t realize.
This song is giving me life! YAS!.
I totally ship Piper and Alex! My all-time favorite ship is Ross and Rachel.
Those tacos were good AF.
Did you see his eyes? He was lit af.
You always have my back, fam.
let's do brunch.
best brunch spot in the city, you can't even get there on the bus.
i can't, i'm in an uber right now.
A truly tasty burger requires no secrets; use only fresh ingredients, prepare them to order, and serve it as promptly as possible.
 This one was delivered as promised on a soft Firebrand bun with pungent Point Reyes bleu cheese and sweet caramelized onions.
 I opted for mine to be grilled medium-rare and to be spared the mushrooms.
The kitchen at GLK did not disappoint.
 My goodness was this sandwich delicious! Augmented by perfectly seasoned French fries and an ice cold pint, I relished every bite while dining outside overlooking Lake Merritt, enjoying the company of my girlfriend and strangers that were seated close by who all felt as strongly about their selection of entrees as I did mine.
They told me that that a total remodeling of the place had just been completed three days ago.
 So I guess I'll just have to come back to check that out at brunch someday soon.
  I'm already looking forward to it already.
I'm torn because the food was inventive yet pedestrian in execution.
Eggs Bennie is my fave and go to brunch meal.
 It's the yardstick of a good spot.
 Again,  torn.
 It was good, not great.
Innovative- check.
 They replaced the English muffin with rye bread, presumably from Acme, and the fruit with an salad with a nice vinegarette.
  Score!.
Execution- the eggs came out over cooked.
 They should've never come out of the kitchen.
 They have just re-opened after a major reno and people are swarming like bees.
 I put this down to the kitchen getting used to the new flow.
Staff- totally saved their bacon.
 Really.
  The hostess is very gracious and adept at empathizing with customers.
 It takes a special person to get people excited for an hour wait by sending them to the farmers market and making it convenient to check in.
  I sat in essentially the serve area for the bar.
  The bartender made it the best seat in the house.
 She is very thorough and attentive in her job.
 Her mimosa was delish.
Trouble is the crowd and a need to turn tables.
 Brunch is supposed to be, or at least feel, leisurely.
 It was fun but I can see myself relaxing there.
I absolutely love this spot.
I was looking for a good brunch place not in SF and found Grand Lake Kitchen.
 The restaurant is pretty damn small but if you can ge.
t there at a good time, the wait isn't terrible.
 It's also nice that the lake is right outside so you can just hang out if the weather permits.
My friend and I ordered the Savory French Toast and the Pork Belly Hash.
 I don't rteally remember the hash, because the savory french toast was SO FREAKING GOOD.
 The flavor combos here just worked so well.
 So well, in fact, that I ate here a little over a year ago and I'm just now writing the review.
I was also recently introduced to chilaquiles, which I see is on the menu here, so I'm making it a goal to return sometime soon!.
No wait at dinner time.
  Thoughtful food prepared with love and care.
  Nice breeze on the patio and lovely alcoholic and nonalcoholic drink options.
  I will be back for brunch to see if it can live up to the hype and long lines.
This is by far in my top three places to eat.
  I've usually just picked up a sandwhich, but I went for breakfast and has just a full on delicious meal.
  It was a little chilly, but they provided blankets, which actually made the experience a little more fun.
The coffee is just right.
  I got the soft scrambled eggs and it was just delicious.
  My dad got the oyako egg salad open faced on rye and the eggs had such a different flavor and texture but equally delicious.
I just love the flavors here.
  The portions are perfect.
  And I absolutely loved the staff.
  Whatever they're doing just keep doing it.
  Love this place.
30 minute wait for brunch on a Monday? Must be that good, eh it was just alright.
 Came here for my birthday with a few friends, and we all shared what we ordered.
FOOD: I had the chilaquiles since it was highly recommended.
 Personally, I didn't like how soggy the chips were and the salsa lacked flavor.
 Out of the two dishes my friends ordered, oyaka and savory French toast, the savory French toast stood out for its unique flavors.
 There is actually no French toast involved, just toasted rye bread for the base, topped with arugula and poached eggs.
 The oyaka was an open faced egg salad sandwich topped with chicken skin.
 My friend liked it, and I thought it just okay.
 But honesty, it's hard to mess up an egg salad.
DRINKS: We shared a pitcher of POG mimosas, which were perfect for the hot weather.
OVERALL: I might come back to try out other things on the menu, but will stay away from the chilaquiles.
What a lovely spot.
 My beau and I went here on our last day in California, and to check out the spot as the friend we visited is the manager.
 Most of the seating is outside (until the expansion is completed) but it was a nice enough day so we plopped down and ordered.
I had the strawberry French toast with a side of scrambled eggs.
 My boo had the eggs Benedict with toast, a side of greens and bacon.
 Our meal was so amazing!! Some of the best eggs I've ever had.
 They were light and fluffy yet moist and cheesy without being over cooked.
 The French toast was delicious.
 Lightly toasted on the outside and soft on the inside.
 Fresh strawberries, whip cream and yummy maple syrup.
It hasn't even been a month since our visit and I already miss the food.
 If you're in the Oakland area, do your mouth a favor and swing by this spot.
4.
5 stars.
 I'm falling more and more in love with Oakland each time I visit, especially this area around Lake Merritt.
 Such gorgeous views with hip things to do, like brunch! I randomly searched for brunch places around here, and Grand Lake Kitchen was first on the list.
 My boyfriend and I put our names on the list, took a brief walk around Lake Merritt, then came back just in time for our names to be called.
We were seated on the outdoor patio.
 It was a warm Oakland day.
 Perfect for brunch outside.
 What a lively vibe.
 Much different from having brunch in San Francisco, I'd say.
 I ordered the Pastrami Benedict which was served on rye bread.
 so unique and tasty! Lots of cool things on the menu, whether brunch, lunch, or snacks.
 My boyfriend got the Pork Belly Hash which did not look as appealing as the Pastrami Benedict but equally delicious.
Inside the actual restaurant seems more narrow, but you get to see the chefs work their magic, which is pretty cool.
 Overall it's definitely worth the trek to Grand Lake Kitchen.
 They have an excellent selection of meats that you can't miss!.
Got here around 11 and didn't get seated until 11:45.
 Be prepared for that wait!.
This place is tiny! But the food is great and the Bellinis are pretty good too.
I ordered the savory French toast and would recommend adding the prosciutto as I went without and kind of felt it was lacking.
 I did love that the savory French toast had arugella and mushrooms.
 Yuuuuum! Plus poached eggs were cooked well.
 One was slightly over done but didn't affect the dish at all.
Friend ordered the soft scramble and it looked.
 basic but tasted pretty good.
Although a tiny spot along Lake Merritt, Grand Lake Kitchen is truly a gem! I stopped in for a late breakfast/brunch and I would highly recommend it.
 Although it's tempting to sit inside at the counter and watch the chefs work their magic, the umbrellaed outdoor patio gives a beautiful (although a touch away) view of beautiful Lake Merritt.
 Although we visited on a Monday late morning (note: they're closed all day Tuesdays!), there was a steady stream of people waiting for tables throughout our visit.
We started with a bottled rose lemonade (although it isn't made in house, I always order a Fentimans soda when available) and a hibiscus cleanse (more sour than I expected but different in a good way).
 From there we ordered the dungeness crab appetizer, served on toasted bread with avocado and topped with fresh greens.
 This was truly a spectacular dish, the crab was amazing and the flavors combined perfectly and were crisp and fresh.
 Perfect appetizer to split between two people.
 For our main course we ordered the Italian sandwich, which they cut in the kitchen for us and served on two plates, a nice touch, with a pickled vegetable on the side.
 The ACME bread that it was served on (as most of the sandwiches are served on) is spectacular, sandwiches delicious meats, lettuce, tomato and swiss cheese.
 You will not be disappointed with this pick from the menu!.
Grand Lake Kitchen is a restaurant that, if I lived in the area, I would return to over and over again.
 Everything coming out of the kitchen looked delicious and I've heard from others positive things about so many dishes.
 It's a place where it'd be easy to explore the menu and always want to order something new.
 They also sell a variety of specialty products in the restaurant, including Durham, NC made Big Spoon peanut butter (shout out to my home city!) One note: they don't accept American Express here.
This is my favorite brunch spot in Oakland.
 You have to get there early though, there's always a wait.
 I think the wait is worth it! The front patio is great too, it's right across from lake Merritt.
 I love the pastrami eggs Benedict.
 The pellinis are super good too! Even if it's cold out, sit on the front prior.
 They will give you blankets to keep warm.
Cheers to Yelp again for helping me find a delicious brunch place.
 My bf's favorite meal of the day is brunch so off we go searching for one when I found this place.
 I'm assuming they're expanding since there's construction going on next door.
 Great if they are!.
Seatings are limited but we went on a weekday so snagged a table right away.
 Love their outdoor seating area that is across from Lake Merritt.
 Great place for a full belly then cross the street to walk it off.
We order the Savory French Toast and Chilaquiles.
 Great house coffee.
 Would have been nice if they came by to check on us and refill it without asking.
but waitress was a sweetheart so all good.
SFT was delicious! I failed to add on prosciutto and it was still rich with flavor.
 Wouldn't think that of just toast, eggs, arugula and cheese but the combination with the herb oil and sauté wild mushrooms made it a worth-order dish!.
Now to the Chilaquiles.
I love Mexican food but can't bring myself to like it for breakfast/brunch.
 It's my personal taste so don't take my word for it.
 BF thought it was good but not exceptional.
 Maybe.
only maybe if they give you an option to add carne asada or al pastor.
now that would be my type of a brunch!.
Short and sweet:.
"Deli-style" old-school restaurant feel.
 The food was everything I've heard about it being.
 We had the savory French toast.
 Don't be scared, homie.
 It was unbelievable.
 I've been hearing about it for months.
 Everything it was supposed to be.
Friendly, attentive service.
With a beautiful view situated right across Lake Merritt, this place is in a perfect spot to sit back on a Sunday morning and eat some delicious food.
  It was a 20 minute wait and none of us minded when they handed us some mimosas and coffee so that we could sit in their outside patio soaking up some sun.
  Lucky for us, the weather was perfect.
 Warm enough to take off our jackets and grey blankets draped on the chairs in case we got chilly.
Let's get to the most important part of this experience and talk about the food.
   Because that's what we care about the most right?  Here you go folks, straight from the menu right to you.
*CRAB TOAST - DUNGENESS CRAB, AVOCADO, PICKLED CHERRY PEPPER VINAIGRETTE, SOURDOUGH 14.
00.
  Yessss.
 Generous portion of crab meat, salad greens and perfectly toasted sourdough.
  Couldn't get enough of this stuff.
  It was so good that had they given us a bigger portion, I would have kept stuffing my mouth.
  Not cute.
*CHILAQUILES - TORTILLA CHIPS, SALSA ROJA, BLACK BEANS, 2 EGGS SUNNY, AVOCADO, QUESO FRESCO, SOUR CREAM, PICKLED RED ONIONS 12.
00  I'm going to be in the minority and say that I wasn't impressed with this.
  The red sauce was bland and nothing about this stood out to me.
  Wouldn't order it again.
*SAVORY FRENCH TOAST - RYE BREAD IN PORCINI BATTER, 2 POACHED EGGS, WILD MUSHROOMS, PARMESAN, ARUGULA, HERB OIL 13.
00  Savory French Toast?  Talk about first time for everything.
  I was glad I got to pop this cherry because boy oh boy.
  This was good.
  The french toast itself was slightly crunchy on the outside, seasoned with a pinch of salt.
 The rest of the ingredients were the perfect accompaniment.
  Pancetta on top gave it a nice salty kick and we practically inhaled this entire plate.
I have to add in that their bathroom was immaculate.
  If you've read my other reviews, you know how much I appreciate a clean toilet bowl.
  Good job Grand Lake Kitchen.
  You have impressed me.
perfect for wkend brunch.
Pork belly hash & sourdough French toast are the best.
  we always come here for these.
we've tried some benedicts.
and it was good too but Pork belly hash & sourdough French toast are something really special about this restaurant.
all servers are super nice!!! Thank that I can start my wkend morning pleasantly w these great food and awesome servers.
THEY ARE BACK AND THEY BETTA!.
Bigger inside more seating with a bar! Same amazing customer service and delicious food! Love this place so much I always leave happy and stuffed.
People who have read my reviews know that breakfast/brunch is my least favorite meal to eat out.
 Mainly because I'm always underwhelmed.
 I've yet to find an amazing brunch in East Bay.
Grand Lake Kitchen has been on my list to try though due to the great reviews and alluring photos.
 Since me and the BF were free on a Thursday morning, I decided to give it a try!.
There was no wait, but we decided to sit outside since it was nice and cool.
 They gave us blankets to keep warm, which I thought was a nice touch!.
We ordered the chilaquiles and the savory french toast.
 It was my first time having chilaquiles and I wasn't that impressed.
 Soggy chips, coquita cheese and unseasoned black beans.
 The scrambled eggs were soft but lackluster on their own.
  Ample amount of avocado! I felt like everything was on the bland side and I needed to use salt on everything (which I usually never do).
 The savory french toast was interesting and the poached egg was cooked perfectly.
 I loved the mushrooms! But I found the huge amount of arugula to be a bit much.
 Portions were decent size.
 However, it wasn't a WOW dish for me either.
 Overall, I found both dishes to be just okay.
The service was really friendly and attentive though, checking up on use to make sure we were good since we were the only ones sitting outside.
The search continues.
Extremely cute brunch & lunch place in Oakland near Lake Merritt.
 This spot is kind of small and crammed, but the food is fresh and not too greasy.
 My partner and I split the breakfast sandwich and ordered a side salad with roasted chicken.
 The breakfast sandwich was delicious and I especially loved the acme bread it was on.
 The bread was soft and not too hard and it blended well with the eggs and bacon.
 We decided to substitute the ham for bacon at a $1 extra as I am not a fan of ham.
 The salad was pretty good too and the dressing had a mustard vinaigrette dressing.
I was a little disappointed because I wanted to try the pork belly hash which is only served on the weekends so I will definitely need to be back when I'm in the Bay Area again.
 They also sell chips, spreads, bread and some other groceries on a shelf near the entrance.
Grand Lake Kitchen is/was good.
 I have no complaints about the food or the service.
 However, I don't think it warrants the rating it has on here.
I had one of their recommended sandwiches.
 It was good, but it was nothing to write home about.
 If you decide to eat here, the portions can be small, so you may have to order side dishes.
There are a couple of things I have on repeat at this joint.
Because they don't have a ton of veggie options.
French toast with oven-toasted blackberries? Heaven.
Huevos rancheros? Good but not Mexican enough (calm down, I'm Mexican, so I have license to say that).
Red potato salad? Good.
Obama sammie? Great:).
Usually love brunching at Oakland Grill around the corner; in fact it's my fave spot in Oakland to brunch hands down but decided to try something different so we tried out Chop Bar instead.
Ordered the pork belly hash, it was absolutely delish, hats off to the chefs.
 Also ordered mimosas, it was meh.
 My friend wasnt impressed with this place however the ambience more then made up for it.
 The interior had a beautiful layout woodsy country theme with a modern twist.
 Decided to try the outdoor sitting, just perfect for a summer day.
 Nice cool breeze and the opportunity to people watch :).
2 stars for the servers, they were not friendly, lacked enthusiasm but I didn't let that ruin my vibe.
 Check out this spot when you're in the area!.
Decent place for weekend brunch in a casual, relaxed setting.
I opted for the eggs Benedict, which was pretty good - the Hollandaise sauce was nice and smooth and the eggs were cooked perfectly, although the English muffin was a bit tough.
 I also enjoyed the Bloody Mary with bacon, which had a good combination of saltiness and spice.
Service is not the most engaging, but adequate for the prices.
Friendly service, chic-industrial interior, so-so brunch food.
The pork belly hash left something to be desired.
 so says mi amigo.
And the Eggs ala Cazuela with Veggie Mojo? Well, first let me translate that for non espanol speakers- eggs baked in roasted tomato-pepper sauce.
Now for my review of that dish.
 En espanol- Es ok.
 In English- It's okay.
Two eggs swimming in tomato sauce.
 Soak up the sun (of sauce) with roasted potatoes and 2 small slices of acme bread.
 I feel a side salad or some greenery would've spruced things up- evened out that sauce, carbs, and eggs dynamic.
 Hello, Salt.
 Nice to meet you.
The laid-back vibe and open window seating creates an enjoyable atmosphere.
 Close to Jack London square (not near the water but in the warehouse area), Chop Bar is a 10 minute walk from the Lake Merritt bart stop.
 I hear their oxtail poutine fries are good, so I'd get that if I came another time.
 Seems like a fun place for a happy hour.
I've been here twice and I have yet to eat anything that I would reorder.
 The drinks, however, are delicious.
The bacon bloody Mary is tangy, spicy, sweet and robust.
 Do yourself a favor and get a group together for brunch and order the Bacon Bloody Mary.
 Your taste buds will appreciate it.
isited on Valentine's Day!.
It wasn't too busy yet since we came early.
 Food was aiiittteee.
 I ordered the polenta and mimosa.
 Mimosa was good.
 Polenta was fine.
 Nothing special.
 It's a cute place f'sho.
The cute table gave my sweater dress a splinter.
 Good thing it didn't puncture through my dress.
Nothing else on the menu stood out to me so I probably won't be back.
It'a located in good ol' Jack London square.
 Nice location good for dates.
 Walk around and catch the farmer's market.
 Or catch whatever is going on at Jack London square! They have Jack of all trades.
 Movies in the summer.
 The list goes on.
Great food at reasonable prices.
 Taken out of town guests here twice and everyone has commented on the excellent quality of the food.
Food - fantastic! I've tried or sampled: pork banh mi, mussels, chicken torta, the chop burger, Ruben, and fish tacos.
 All were flawless and would order each item again.
 I would give special attention to the broth with the mussels and ask for extra bread; you don't want to let that broth go to waste.
Drinks- again fantastic! I've tried the Bloody Mary with and without Bacon - highly recommend either as they tickle all different flavor areas on your tongue.
  Also had a Spicy Q, drink with rum and jalapeño, would order on the rocks next time but delicious.
Service - first visit was absolutely amazing - server was a mind reader - on it for drink orders and brought extra bread for the mussels without us even asking.
  I tipped 30% in appreciation.
Second visit was sub-par.
 I just felt like the server didn't want to be there and didn't ask if we wanted a second round of drinks when we were low.
 Ended up not ordering more drinks because we finished our food.
 Also asked how was the food while facing another table and not making eye contact.
 Head wasn't in the game.
 Essentially barely checking on us after the food came out.
 I was server for 4 years, we all have those off days (or hangovers), I get it.
Atmosphere - really love the bar and wood elements inside.
 Pig pictures on the walls and pig toilet paper holder in bathroom is a funny touch.
 Saw a TV but it was not on during lunch hours for either visit.
not sure if that was intentional or not but it created more of a conversational experience at my table with dudes who would have normally zoned out to sportscenter.
 Didn't bother me either way, just felt it should be noted.
Overall - 4 Stars - would give them a 5 except for service on second visit.
 Perfect ratings are reserved for perfect restaurants.
Pastrami Potato Hash was well seasoned, poached eggs were done perfectly and the potatoes were solid.
The frittata was a unique twist on the classic.
 There's was thinner with a crispy bottom vs traditional ones that is thicker and more reminiscent of a pie.
The variety is good but not the best for vegetarians especially during brunch.
Expect to wait especially during peak times.
Overall Thoughts.
I am glad I got a chance to try Chop Bar and more grateful that I didn't leave disappointed.
Not going to lie, one of the best parts of Chop Bar is that you can call 30 min in advance and put your name down for a table.
 I was on Bart when I called and upon arrival a table was waiting for us! A few other groups were waiting outside for brunch but we just sat right down.
 (if only SF places were like this.
).
Walking up, we saw some people with the bloody marys and they looked incredible! I personally don't like bloody marys but my friend said it wasn't quite as spicy as she would have liked.
 The pickled veggies and the bacon that come with it were delicious though!.
I got the french toast with apples and walnuts.
 The toast was pretty fluffy and thoroughly soaked in syrup.
 In fact, the toast was in a pool of syrup so the last few bites were a bit too soggy.
 I also wished there had been more apples and walnuts because that would have added more texture to the dish.
Chop Bar is a great spot for brunch and lunch.
Brunch: 4 stars, Lunch: 3 stars.
 Dinner: 3 stars.
Although the brunch menu may look like your typical brunch, they really do a great job.
 The quality of ingredients and the flavors are on point.
 The chilaquiles and french toast are delicious.
 Lunch is also good too but the few times I've been I wasn't too impressed with their menu.
 One item I really enjoyed was their clams.
 My mom had the pork banh-mi and I wasn't too impressed when I tried it.
 It was expensive and made with great quality ingredients I'm sure, but it didn't beat a $4 banh mi I could get in chinatown.
 I also tried the oxtail poutine which was a little too saucy and it needed either more fries or bread on the side to dip into it.
 Delicious but I couldn't just slurp the gravy on its own.
All in all, the service is great and there is a great amount of parking near by.
 The ambiance is nice with indoor and outdoor seating.
 The last time I went Festus Ezeli from the warriors was sitting near me.
 I was pretty star struck and decided not to disturb him, but that was a cool memory of this place! (:.
Wanted to try the Bloody Mary ($8) at this place since I heard it was good.
 I had never had one before, so I figured I might as well start with a good one.
 Needless to say, I don't think I'm the Bloody Mary type.
 It had a nice flavor, but it's too spicy and more like a meal in a glass (I'm also not a fan of milkshakes with my food).
 I do recommend getting it with bacon ($2 extra), as it's some of the best I've had.
The food came to us oddly quick.
 Within minutes.
We ordered the asparagus appetizer ($11).
 It came with a poached egg and some sort of green sauce.
 Flavor was nice, but it was a little salty.
 Not too salty, just a little.
I got the Chop Bar Burger for my meal ($14) with Swiss cheese ($1 extra, but some add-ons were $2 extra).
 Meat-wise, the burger was top notch.
 And I liked the bun, too.
 Other than that, there weren't a whole lot of other flavors going on.
 Just the bacon, which merely added to the saltiness of the patty.
 The Swiss cheese and the aioli were non-existent.
 I even asked for more aioli for extra taste.
 It only barely helped.
 It wasn't a bad burger by any means.
 It was just too reliant on the bold meat flavor and needed a little more craft.
My dad got the pork confit ($20) with a side of Jo-Jos ($6), which are basically potato wedges.
 The pork was very flavorful, and so were the potatoes.
They specialize in meat, and they passed with flying colors in that department.
 It's just that they tend to add a lot of ingredients that merely sound good on paper without truly complimenting each other.
Also, this place is a tad bit pricey.
 $8 for the Bloody Mary isn't bad, but the food is just too expensive for the quality.
 I've had better for less.
But most importantly, this place was good enough to make me want to come back to try their other menu items.
We heard the meatloaf was good, but I guess we'll save that for next time.
Try ordering ANYTHING off the menu.
 These guys have ZERO interest in giving a customer a satisfying experience.
 I feel bad because the chefs are working hard trying to make amazing food and it's being served by these indifferent "hipster barrista" types.
Damn disappointing.
Sunday brunch was most excellent.
 We were seated fairly quickly.
 The staff was incredibly attentive and nice.
 All smiles!.
The French toast is a big win.
 Custard-dipped brioche with candied walnuts, apples and whipped cream.
 It was to die for.
Other big wins was the chiliquiles with chorizo and salsa verde.
 A really big portion.
The side of bacon was meh.
 It was actually one slice of bacon cut in three chunks.
 It wasn't particularly tasty and $5 which was a bit of a rip off.
Coffee was most excellent and local.
Will definitely visit this place again.
I love that this place lets you call ahead for brunch to put your name down on the list.
 I cannot appreciate that enough.
 I oftentimes will avoid brunch in SF because I don't want to wait over an hour after I get there just to get seated.
I tried the bloody mary "baconized".
 I saw other people with the bloody mary as we walked in and decided right then that I had to get it.
 It looked like a pretty standard bloody mary, but with bacon on top (I know, right?!)!! Not sure how much I actually liked the bacon in it, but it was definitely an interesting twist.
 The bloody mary itself was decent, a little on the tomato-y side, not super spicy.
The menu is not super extensive, but has your standard brunch options.
 Between me and my friends, we ordered a few different things.
1) Pastrami hash (with poached eggs) - I had this, it was pretty tasty, nothing particularly special about it, but it was good.
 I enjoyed it, though it was more like chunks of pastrami and potato, rather than a hash really.
2) Pork belly frittata - The pork belly in the frittata looked like it had a good fat to lean ratio (which is important!) but wasn't seasoned quite enough.
3) Eggs cazuela.
4) French toast.
Chop Bar is the good Oakland, the kind you want to show off to your friends.
It's located in a cool loft space in Jack London, within walking distance from the Blue Bottle flagship location.
 The wait on a Sunday afternoon teeters around 20 mins, which isn't all that bad in comparison to some spots in San Francisco.
The menu features all kinds of new American and California inspired plates.
 Their burger is a serious force to be reckoned with.
 This is one of the best burgers I've ever had.
 Let me lay this out for you.
 the bun is somewhere between sourdough and a pastry.
 It is remarkable.
 The hamburger patty is so thick and so juicy and as you eat this thing, the juices dribble out and the soft part of the bun soaks it up.
 Thick, hickory smoked slices of bacon and avocado adorn this creation.
 Make sure to add cheese too because, holy crap, the melted swiss cheese on this thing was delicious.
 I asked for medium rare and received a very well done patty, but I was too hungry to do anything about it.
 Kind of a bummer, so make sure your waiter knows you're not playing around.
They only have 4 beers on tap, none of which is a pilsner, and all their taps were broken when I went.
 Basically their only downfall is being a beer buzzkill.
I feel like Chop Bar can do no wrong.
I've had dinner here twice, and stopped in one time for lunch.
  While it can get kind of loud in this small, intimate space, you'll probably be too busy savoring the amazing food to want to talk to whoever else you're with.
  Just keeping it 100.
Their agua frescas ($3) are, well, refreshing.
  If you want something other than water, but that won't drive your BAC up, this is a great choice.
  I had a watermelon one for dinner and it had the faintest hint of lime in it, too.
  Even with the striking blend of flavors, I think it blended pretty well with the pork chop I ordered that evening.
For lunch, I opted for their pork Bolognese with pac mac noodles by Baia Pasta (shop.
baiapasta.
com/produ…) - $18.
  If you're not in the mood for meat, there's also a seasonal vegetable option, too.
  With a generous portion of shaved parmesan on top, this dish really hit the spot.
  Just the right ratio of noodles to sauce, with plenty of chunks of savory ground pork.
The first time I had dinner here, I went for the oxtail poutine - $20 (french fries, oxtail gravy, Fiscalini cheddar).
  I might or might not have licked the plate clean.
The second time I went for dinner, I ordered the pork chop and chose kale and mashed potatoes as my side dishes (you also have the option of going with their mac and cheese) - $24.
  Their mashed potatoes were just too good.
  I honestly want to ask them to double up on the mashed potatoes next time.
  Maybe i'll just beg for a bowl as my entree.
  The kale was cooked perfectly with onions and garlic, too, and I definitely felt less guilty eating them.
 but the mashed potatoes!!!  As for the pork chop, goodness.
  There was a slight crust that formed all around while the interior remained tender and moist.
  It came in a pool of gravy that complimented it nicely, too, not salty or gelatinous as some gravies can be.
I would definitely be proud to show this gem of a gastropub to friends and family.
  Maybe next time I'll try some appetizers and desserts, too.
We came here for brunch on Mother's Day , we called about 30 mins ahead and was seated almost right away.
 The food arrived quickly and the server was great.
 We got the pork hash , the eggs Benedict and eggs Benedict with crab and the torta.
 All the food was perfect and cooked wonderfully.
 The torta was almost like a banh mi fusion but I'm not complaining , I probably wouldn't call it a torta but it was delicious.
 The crab eggs Benedict tasted amazing , they were really generous with the crab and came with a generous side of potatoes.
 Of course I can't forget about the hot sauce , they had cholula and a house made sauce that was really smokey and delicious but pretty spicy.
 I can't wait to come back again.
This place is eehhhh.
 The price we paid was definitely not worth it.
 2 entrees and a coffee and orange juice cost us about $40! The French toast was so soggy.
 My husband ordered the pork belly hash.
 It wasn't even pork belly more like small tiny pieces of bacon and there's no hash! It was just home style potatoes.
 Not worth it.
 Go over by lake Merritt for way better brunch places.
come to Portal's Queer Beer Wednesday every week! The sliders on the happy hour menu are my favorite.
UPDATE: I have been coming to every QBW for over a year! The fried chicken sliders are a welcome addition to the before 5:00 "happy (hour) meal" menu, and I'm not sorry to see the cheese sauce go from the fries either.
 Portal's rotating menu of craft beers has taught me a lot about beer and about my taste too.
 Ask for Melvin.
 He's the best!.
This place is pretty neat.
 I came in for lunch on a beautiful afternoon and sat on the outdoor patio overlooking the lake.
There was a large party of 12 requiring the attn of most of the wait staff (3 servers).
 Service was very slow from start to finish.
 Not a place for a quick bite or lunch if you're on the clock.
The food was very good.
 Quality ingredients and large portions.
 I went with the Garlic bread meatball sandwich.
 The mini burgers and chilaquiles looked good and I hope to come back for those.
Overall a good spot, but service was shoddy -- no refills or checkups.
Came here for dinner with a few friends.
  We shared the vegetarian garbage bread, which was quite delish.
  The garbage bread was very hearty, and it definitely did not need meat.
  Definitely recommend.
  For myself, I ordered 2 mini burgers in fried chicken and turkey, both were quite filling and tasty, though not as exciting as our garbage bread.
Overall the atmosphere was a nice small pub, great for a couple of friends.
  The outside area is also very cute, definitely want to return for brunch with mimosas!  Will update my review upon return!.
I'm completely in love with this place.
 The food, the people, the beer, and seating!! Very close to the lake with outdoor seating (there's indoor seating as well).
 They have 3 tvs inside, and one shared bathroom (the only drawback).
I love the beer selection here, only problem I have is that there's a high turn over of the beer.
 As soon as you fall in love with one there's one to replace it.
 The food is great, try the cheese knots.
 They're basically like homemade mozzarella sticks and they will change your life on how you see mozzarella sticks.
 The wings are great as well.
 Not bad prices.
There's parking all around.
 When you sit outside you have views of the lake.
 Very nice decor both indoor and outdoor.
 Definitely worth a visit.
 They do have vegan and veg options!.
It is definitely worth the (honestly not bad) wait for a table on the patio.
 I was so relaxed with a beer and good food, staring out at the breezy lake.
 Thank God out of their decently-sized list of beers on tap, there was at least one sour.
 We just barely missed bottomless mimosas (I believe they're done at 1 pm?), damn.
We shared the pork belly salad and garbage bread.
 If it sounds like we were eating light, we absolutely were not.
 The garbage bread sneaks up on you, and all the fixings inside are going to make you groan after it settles in twenty or so minutes.
 Delicious in the moment, though.
 The pork belly salad was average, and a bit overdressed/salty.
Parking was fortunately easy to find all around, and seriously, thank God for the location.
 We had to walk it off for an hour around the lake.
Portal is like.
one of those places where you stumble across on accident.
 But at the end of the day you realize the encounter was supposed to happen.
 Some may even say "divine intervention" well at least for those into bar food with a light sophisticated twist.
 And those that like local beers, hoppy ales, and micro brews.
 And a nice view of Lake Merrit from the patio.
 So far Portal has a few things right.
 Allow me to tell you a little more.
 Here is my review of Portal.
4/21/16.
My constant Yelping seems to have rubbed on aome of my friends! I decided to stay and take in Oakland after going to my guard card class earlier on in the day.
 I had booked marked so many places in Oakland and didn't think I was going to get to visit any of them until my buddy contacted me after seeing me check in on "Facebook" in the "City of Oakland" he was like "Yo dude you in my hood, I been checking out some cool gastropubs on Yelp.
 Let's check out this place called Portal!" I was stoked because I one didn't know my homie "Yelped" and two because I didn't realize I had bookedmarked it already.
 So I was totally down.
 He swooped me up and we set off.
It was nice to see a few places I've bookedmarked in Oakland as we drove throughout downtown and the Lake Merrit area.
 But our minds were set, we wanted to step this "Portal" and have some good beer and bar fair.
 It was nice to see Lake Merrit as kinda the.
"Landmark" if you were trying to find this place and another east bay restarunt that's creating a buzz (rockin crawfish oakland) which is like.
across the street.
 But back to the reason for this review.
Portal!.
Service - 5/5.
Food - 5/5.
Beer 100/5 :D.
The Warriors played this day so this place went from like empty to packed house in like a 10 min span.
 Not to mention my NY Yankees were playing as well so.
I was indeed having a great day.
 My homie and I started with some 805's (beer) with bbq and hot wings for starters.
 Of you've had 805 before, its a pretty good light beer made here in cali, it really compliments light foods in my opinion.
 The wings were prefect! Fried just right, the sauces were just enough and not overbearing.
 Plus the prices were pretty good on the food and beer here as well (see my my pics for prices and menu shots!) oh.
and if you get a pitcher of the "Lost Abbey Cuvee de Tomme 11% abv" be prepared to take a "Uber or Lyft" home :D.
Will I go back?.
In a heartbeat!.
In conclusion, this place is perfect for hanging out, happy hour, dates, shenanigans and just chillaxing.
 And with the Patio, I'm sure the ambiance at night is just pretty ill with Lake Merrit as the backdrop.
 I say if you've bookedmarked this place before, I would say give it a go! You will like it here! Of not.
you just hard to please! :D As always yelp your own experience.
Oakland you have a winner! My first time at this place & I loved everything about this hipster spot.
We got there right at 10am when they opened.
 I can see where the wait can be a little long especially if you want to sit on the patio (which has a gorgeous view of Lake Merit).
Everyone at the table had a little bit of everything.
 The Migas, The Drunk Bread, Guacamole, French Toast.
 We loved all the food.
 I will definitely be back next time I am in town.
Oh yeah.
cannot forget the bottomless Mimosas!.
On the outskirts of Lake Merrit, you will find that this little pub/beer garden pleasantly awaits you.
 You really can't beat Portal's back patio.
 Especially because, the inside of Portal isn't huge - think a few tables and a bar.
 That back patio, tho.
 Communal seating - so, think beer garden steez.
 I've been a few times at wonky hours, think 3:30 looking for brunch and sadly, they stick to dining hours for food, although you can always order drinks and items like fries and such.
 Another huge pro about Portal is their beer list.
 Craft beer aficionnados, you will not be disappointed.
I've had their bloody mary and it's good, not the best, but real solid.
 As always, more accoutrements, please.
 And to my surprise, no vodka in this bad boy, soju only.
 Just an fyi if you happen to be a BM purist.
 They do offer some bottomless mimosa deals during weekend brunch hours, but you'll have to go inquire about prices.
Most recently for lunch, I was pleasantly surprised with how much I enjoyed my cobb salad and the surprise happy ending.
 No, not that one, ya scumbags.
 There's a delicious, almost pizza like dough that serves as the bottom layer of the salad.
 Score.
 A pretty hefty salad that isn't cheap at $14, but quite filling and freshly filled with juicy chicken, crisp bacon, eggs and so on; pretty much the most unhealthy salad on earth.
 Yep, that's me.
 Other items that piqued my fancy: the burger, the garbage bread, the meatball sub and those fries looked mighty fine.
Go.
 Drink beer.
 Enjoy that Oakland sunshine and eat!.
I've  not been in awhile they've been pretty busy which is awesome for them, so I went in today and it's just gotten soo casual in service to a point of rude.
The glass was dirty and the server was poignantly rude by rolling he's eyes slightly when asked for a new one ya know what, I left,I've had enough of Portals slight distain.
 I adored portal when they first set foot in the space wasabi once was but now sits a pissy example of they're former selves,polite cool,easy,clean selves.
Now it seems like any other place overblown semi ok food staff who seems put out by the customers of which I should add wasn't at capacity so I was surprised at the very lack of any service.
 I've actually wanted to say this last bit for a while about the food the last few times we'd gone in it just seemed lacking undercooked food mostly.
 I'm bummed I really did like this place.
We got to the restaurant 20 minutes before it opened for saturday brunch and there was already a huge line.
 I think a lot of the line is for those who want to sit outside on a beautiful sunny Oakland day.
 And even with the line, they'll offer to get your brunch drink started.
Service was amazing.
 I wish I remembered the name of the fella that served us but he was incredibly helpful, patient and attentive.
 Portions are HUGE so order accordingly.
We go the bottomless mimosa and their pours are SERIOUS.
 it's pretty much champagne with a tiny splash of OJ.
 Seth Rogan looking bartender: you are on point.
 My faves in terms of food:.
Garbage Bread- it's a pizza burito.
 get the meat one.
 get it.
 eat it.
 you're welcome.
Stuffed Challah French Toast- I thought i was done eating but my arm was still shoveling it in my face.
Tempeh Hash- we got it with poached eggs and goat cheese.
 perfect recommendation.
Definitely will be coming back to enjoy the rest of the menu and the ambience outside!.
The door is an actual porthole.
 Talk about puns!!.
I actually had a difficult time opening the door because it was so heavy lol and then I started questioning if that was even was the door in the first place.
 To my embarrassment, it was! You just need to pull a little harder then normal.
 I was visiting a friend and local native at Portal for a quick beer and a much needed catch up.
 We were seated right away and the place had a lot of character! They have a wide selection of beer and wine and a phenomenal happy hour.
The server was cheery and helpful--he recommended the steak which was cooked to perfection! It was so tender and the seasoning was nothing like I've ever had before.
 My mouth is watering just thinking about it! It's definitely a steak I will never forget.
 We had some veggies on the side which were asparagus and several different types of squash that were in season--a perfect pairing with the steak.
 The meal was very filling and we ended up sitting there talking for hours.
It started getting busy around 8pm and people were rolling in for drinks.
 This is a fantastic place if you live nearby and want to grab drinks after work.
 I'm so jealous that there isn't one near me in Sacramento! Their employees are friendly and made spot-on recommendations about the food and drinks.
Alright Portal, you surprised me last night.
 I've eaten there seeeeeeveral times and was meh about the food.
 But last night, my ravioli was #onpoint though.
 Dude ate the meatball sammy which came with a heaaaaalthy portion of greens.
 Thanks for keeping it healthy.
 You always have an excellent selection of beers.
 While neither of us had any of the Brewery doing the tap takeover, I love that you were a supporter of beer week.
The three stars because in all of my other experiences there, the food was okay.
 So perhaps the dinner entrees are just better than the brunch? I'll have to go again before I can leave a higher rating for that.
 Also, it closes at 11 and there's not a full bar.
 I understand but hey.
sometimes I just need a shot of vodka.
 ;).
But it's a cute spot to go and have a few brews with the homies yo.
 With a large patio and hopefully running heat lamps on cold days, it's a nice spot to go near the lake or after Rockin Crawfish.
I learned a very important lesson during my visit to Portal Restaurant: never visit an establishment that has multiple signs posted on the front of the building advertising the need and higher for chefs.
 After a twenty minute wait to be seated on an early Saturday night, we were guided to four seats at a community table.
 I think the draw of Portal or many is the large outdoor patio with views of Lake Merritt, is truly is picturesque.
 The adult beverage list is fairly average for the area (although they claim to be a "beer garden" their selection and simply lack of beer menus makes me question this claim), their dinner menu is set with several appetizer and entree items but is not extensive.
We ordered sharing plates for four people which included:.
*ricotta bites: as delicious as they sound, fried on the outside, cheesy on the inside.
 Portion came with four bites and a marinara sauce (sauce to bites ratio was off, request more sauce if you ever see your waitress!).
*cesar salad: OK, covered with parmesan cheese and house-made croutons, large portion but lacked flavor and dressing to lettuce ratio was off.
*brussels sprouts: Good, but damn, I feel like a good home-chef should be able to whip up some taste brussels, and these aren't any better than what I can make a home.
*garbage bread: Best part of the meal, hands down! Tasty, flavorful, crispy and chewy: this is their signature dish.
 It's served with a the same marinara sauce sauce as the ricotta bites and a overly powerful pesto sauce that I'd recommend skipping.
 Try to get extra marinara sauce when the food is dropped off.
*chicken wings: This was the most disappointing part of the evening.
 We received our chicken wings (granted, our dishes were coming out in stages, so they weren't rushing to prepare everything at the same time) and the chicken was RAW.
 We pointed it out to our waitress, she said "yes, that's raw!" and returned it to the kitchen.
 Not acknowledgment more from her, no visit from the chef or manager, simply embarrassing and a terrible way to conduct business.
 The only acknowledgement from our waitress (who practically abandoned our table!) was if we'd like to order something else instead.
 The chicken wings weren't included on the check but our replacement item was.
*garlic fries: (replacement for chicken) very lackluster, they're the a-typical garlic fry of every restaurant out there.
I believe that Portal has been nights, but I'd stay far away until they have consistency in the kitchen.
 If you see that they're hiring chefs, RUN!.
Coming for a weekend brunch? Expect a wait - everyone wants to eat here! We came here on a rainy day and even then, there was a long line of people waiting for some brunch food.
PARKING: Street parking - plenty! We were able to find street parking no problem.
SEATING: Indoor & outdoor seating available (but when it's raining, only indoor seating available).
 Not very many tables inside which is probably why there's a long line.
BAR: There's a bar also! You can grab a drink while you're waiting for your table.
 Weekend brunch calls for AYCD mimosas from opening til 1pm!.
FOOD: Soooo many great options! I had the Portal Benedict (you can add ham, bacon, or avocado for an extra $3).
 You won't go wrong with any of the choices on the menu! Other highlights are the Corned Beef Hash.
 We're in to try the Garbage Bread next time - we didn't want any leftovers this time.
A-okay Portal! We'll be back :) Maybe on a sunny day so we can enjoy some brunch and a stroll around Lake Merritt.
Portal is a gem in Oakland! It's located right next to Lake Merritt and from the outside seating, you can get a pretty nice view of the lake.
 Came here during an off hour between lunch and dinner! The waiter was super nice and accommodating, letting us pick wherever we wanted to sit outside.
We started off by ordering two beers.
 They have a pretty good variety of standard mixes and other interesting flavors.
 The waiter helped make recommendations depending on our tastes of dark, light, and so on.
We ordered the meat garbage bread (Yelp told me to, so I had to!!) and the garlic bread meatball sub.
 The meatballs were recommended but I love garlic bread so I figured why not mix the two of those together! The garlic bread meatball sub also came with a side salad.
 Those two orders were more than enough for the two of us and we actually had some leftover.
I definitely recommend the garbage bread.
 Don't let the name fool you.
it's definitely not garbage! The garbage bread was a treasure.
 I loved the cheese melted on top and the inside was stuffed with delicious goodies.
 The meatball garlic sub was good but not incredibly impressive.
 Maybe it's because I'm not too big of a fan of meatballs to begin with.
 It was definitely good but just wasn't as mind blowing as the garbage bread.
I plan on coming back to Portal for brunch sometime so I heard there's a great unlimited mimosa option and they have an amazing menu for breakfast! This is a great place to grab a quick bite to eat before a baseball game (which we did)!.
I can't think of one bad time here at Portal.
 It's always a good time! From brunch to dinner, all times of the day are great at this place.
 Love brunch on the patio because of all the natural sunlight that fills the backyard and love dinner on the patio too because they crank up the jams and it's beautifully lit with string lights to set the ambiance.
Recs: Lunch- herbed garlic fries are incredible (what's in that frying oil?!), Turkey Mini Burger is my fave out all their sliders.
Brunch- must try their polenta!.
Dinner- Turkey Meatballs, no need to add pasta if you're looking for a carb-less entree, so hearty and deliciously tender.
 Fried Brussel Sprouts, the smell is intoxicating.
I missed out on the bottomless mimosa but glad I ordered Mr.
 Pickles! Portal pickle their own garnishes and boy did they all go well with the spicy drink!.
We came around 11 on a Saturday and wait was about 20 minutes.
 This was right before the brunch rush and one of the Warriors playoffs! Would have love to enjoy their outside patio which was spacious but pretty exposed to the sun.
 So we sat at the bar with our awesome female bartender/server, enjoyed our food and watched the Warriors kicked the Rockets booties till they were red!.
Ordered:.
1.
 House coffee - strong and good.
2.
 Mr.
 Pickles - obsessed with it.
3.
 Portal Benedict - never had it on grilled polenta before so it was a unique taste.
 Good but very filling.
4.
 BF and I were so full but decided to be pigs and stuffed ourselves more with the Stuffed Challah French toast.
 Also good but there was something else other then the ricotta filling in between those bread.
 Not sure if it was banana or plantain.
which I'm not a big fan of.
Other then that, for a bar that serves food.
Portal got my vote as a go-to spot for brunch or just a drink on their patio!.
Everything about this place is Meh.
The food, service, ambiance.
 It's all meh.
 I'm sure hipsters love this place.
Had my birthday dinner here on a Friday night.
 We were greeted and sat quickly.
We tried the Sonoma bourbon cider ($6) prairie bomb beer ($12) for drinks.
 The cider came in a bottle along with a glass.
 It was okay, not as good as I had hopped.
 The prairie bomb was a dark beer.
 I normally hate dark beer due to the bitterness.
 This one was great.
 We took down the name so we can find it later.
For dinner we ordered the meat garbage bread ($15) 2- sliders ($13) and BBQ frites ($8) When the food came I noticed the sliders weren't the ones we ordered.
 Our server didn't come by for some time so we ate the garbage bread which was fabulous and the fries were great with the dipping sauces.
 When I told our server about the slider error I asked to just have it removed from the bill since we were too stuffed to eat anymore.
The server came back with our bill and said the manager gave a little discount ($3.
90) due to the mix up.
 That was a nice gesture.
The atmosphere has dim lighting, nice outdoor area and bar.
 Hipster kind of place,.
No hard alcohol available.
 Cocktails are made with suju.
 Beer and wine available.
Here's the deal: I hate waiting in long lines.
 In my experience, to avoid that and still eat breakfast here, you basically have to get here and wait for them to open.
 For me, that means getting my butt out of bed and being outside before 8am on a Saturday.
BUT, here is what I will say.
- I'm that overly discerning jerk who cares about how my eggs are poached when I go to breakfast or brunch and they do them perfectly here.
- the coffee is delish and plentiful (Highwire, I believe).
- the potatoes are a mix of shredded hash and chunkier potato bits, nice and crispy (if it's not obvious from that description.
 they're great).
- their biscuits are great, sweet or savory.
4 stars instead of 5 because I've had a couple misses here.
 I think it was when they had first opened up.
 In any case, I think most folks will find something they'll like on the menu.
've had pretty much everything on their menu, and every item is so great and delicious.
 Um, delicious coffee (Highwire), delish micheladas, delish food and pastries.
 Obviously it sucks to wait in line, but whatever- this is the Bay Area.
 Get used to it.
 I like to get there early and beat the later crowd.
And please send whoever designed the space my way--beautiful!!!.
Weekday late brunch: Nailed it.
This spot is a total gem, nestled in the Laurel District serving up some really upscale, but down home eats.
 Mostly breakfast, but don't fret, they do have some lunch options as well.
 All their breads and pastries are made in house, they serve organic eggs and all meats are antibiotic and hormone free.
 My health does matter, thank you very much!.
My goat cheese omelet ($13) was what dreams are made of: a fluffy omelet oozing with goat cheese, snap peas, asparagus, garlic and spring onions.
 I inhaled it.
 In addition to this perfect egg dish, were some crispy potatoes, salad and perfectly toasted homemade bread with house made jam.
 DAYUUUUMMMMM.
 Writing this review is taking back to pure eating bliss.
Coffee was solid and prices are fair for portion sizes and service was lovely.
 Granted, it wasn't busy at all, but this spot is a neighborhood joint and service is to match.
 I can imagine some frustration during those weekend hours, but well worth the wait; I loved everything about Sequoia Diner.
Items I will be returning for: strawberry cream cheese danish, the beef hash and that cubano sandwich.
 Sign me up.
A new and not-so-much longer hidden gem in Oakland's Laurel District that is the perfect place for a weekend brunch on one of those sunny days that Oakland is famous for! I am a real fan of this great neighborhood diner where everything is homemade from their pastries to their jams in addition to their classic dishes for brunch.
 And Sequoia Diner lives up the hype that's been expressed from so many reviews and images posted from my fellow Yelpers!.
I actually found out about Sequoia Diner due to the fact it seemed like it was on Yelp's "New Businesses in East Bay" for an eternity! It actually opened about a year ago, replacing the long-standing Full House Cafe, by a local husband and wife duo who wanted to stay loyal to the neighborhood with their seasonal brunch classics served all morning until mid-afternoon.
 There is so much buzz for Sequoia Diner that wait times can be quite long for brunch and parking on MacArthur Avenue and the surrounding area can be quite dicey.
 So plan ahead it you don't mind waiting.
 Luckily, I had friends who were eager enough to get there early and put our names down and patient enough for me to get there just a wee bit late.
Once we were sat in their patent leather booths, we each knew what we wanted.
 (I had been doing enough research from my fellow Yelper's images and reviews to know what to order and what to pass up.
) We knew we all had to get the highly-recommended Pecan Sticky Buns and at $3.
75 each it's a good deal, so much so, the three of us ordered two buns to share.
 I found them not too sweet or sticky with the perfect amount of cinnamon, sugar and topped with an abundance of chopped pecans.
 It's a perfect accompaniment to your coffee.
As for my main dish, I knew that some Sequoia Diner plates were heavier than others, but I also wanted to taste some of the best and unique dishes that they have to offer to get a read on how they prepare their meals here.
 So I went with the Country Breakfast with its biscuit and gravy, collared greens, hash browns and two eggs made to order.
 Although obviously heavy, my dish was solid, I especially loved the creamy gravy, warm biscuit, and hash browns.
 You could tell with the first bite how much homemade goodness was put into your meal.
 Despite being constantly busy, the service for the most part was attentive and there was constant turnover of the tables and counter-tops, made the flow of service that much more pleasant.
Sequoia Diner is your classic mom-and-pop owned and operated American breakfast joint with modern day sustainable and locavore sensibilities.
 Their eclectic menu makes me want to come back for more, everything sounds so familiar yet so unique that it seems like you can't go wrong.
 I can't wait to return one day to see how Sequoia Diner continues to build upon their success in a loyal and foodie loving neighborhood.
I never loved brunch much, always made me feel comatose and heavy afterwards.
  SD has the sweetspot between comfort and fresh.
If you're ordering to-go, it's a good idea to call ahead, it took upwards of 30 minutes to get my order, there isn't much seating for those waiting, I ordered a coffee to hold me over while waiting, comes in super cute beige/brown cups, reminds me of the 70s and 80s.
  Such a pleasant throwback to a simpler time.
LOVED the Red Flannel Hash.
  Perfectly poached eggs, kraut to cut the richness, cubes of al dente beets and potatoes.
  They don't take substitutions.
  I wanted to swap out one of the eggs for some chard, but had to order it separately.
  Sour cream was mysteriously left off - perfect, I was going to omit it anyways.
Homemade sourdough toast were a nice counterpart to the meal.
  Comes pre-buttered.
If you're there after 11AM, there are additional items you can order, got an asparagus, pea, arugula salad.
  Sounds simple but the details were there: toasted almonds, slices of orange/blood orange, kumquats and pickled green beans.
  Wonderful.
Will be my mid-day treat going forward.
  Everything seasoned well.
  Carefully and expertly prepared.
  So nice to have this quality of food available.
  4 items: $35 including tax/tip.
I love brunch but I don't always love brunch food.
  So, it is no surprise that my hunt for the perfect local brunch spot has extended well into my second year in Oakland.
  I'm pleased to report the search is over.
  Sequoia elevates humble breakfast staples -- not with a bunch of unnecessary frippery -- but by paying exquisite attention to the details.
  Baked items are made in house including the incredible fresh biscuits.
  The menu rotates with interesting seasonal specials.
  On one visit, the loco moco had an incredibly rich shortrib gravy.
  On the next, appetizers included chicken liver toasts with chicken cracklings and fig jam.
  Good, simple food, presumably inspired by the personal tastes and whims of the chef (as well as the season) and made with heart and smarts.
I don't understand the long wait for this restaurant.
 The food is good, but not especially amazing.
 I'd say it is pretty normal American food.
 Perhaps my wife and I missed out by not getting any of their baked goods.
When I saw Hazel's pictures from Sequoia Diner less than a month ago, I knew I needed to get myself over here soon.
  Apparently I was not quick enough as word is out and an hour long wait seemed to be the constant on a Sunday morning.
Upon arrival, since no one was up front, I grabbed a pen and was about to put my name down on the list but a few seconds later discovered that they have a hostess taking names and got my 1 hour wait estimate.
  They do allow you to buy a coffee to enjoy outside while you wait so this non coffee drinker did the next best thing and ordered a sticky bun to go making the wait more bearable.
  It was love at first bite as it was not overly sweet and enough pecans with each bite.
We were seated within 45 minutes allowing me to digest that sticky bun freeing up stomach space to fully enjoy their breakfast plates.
  I already had my eye on the beef hash with poached eggs which was just a plate of beautiful flavors.
 Slight saltiness of the beef hash paired with the tartness from the pickled cabbage topped with the creaminess of the poached eggs and the final punch of the arugula will have you scraping up every morsel.
  Since hubby didn't realize that the Red Flannel Hash did not already come with meat (bacon can be added for a charge), he did end up polishing off at least 1/3 of my beef hash and slice of my bread to be satisfied (good thing I was pre-fortified with that sticky bun).
  I had a bite of his Red Flannel Hash which had great flavors as well for a vegetarian option but I do prefer the Beef Hash one.
I thought the Coconut Thai Ice Tea was good and smooth with the coconut milk but like Hazel, felt like the tea flavor was way too light.
  I rather use that $4 for another sticky bun!!.
What a dream on MacArthur.
 Their hours are limited (sad face!) but if you can make it out here for brunch, YOU MUST!!!! Yep, this place is multiple exclamation point good.
 My second visit was this morning at 8 am on the dot (mind you, daylight savings time just happened so it's really like 7 am and it was raining) and there were a few hungry peeps waiting outside to come in.
It is absolutely worth starting every meal here with a pecan sticky bun.
 Warm and fluffy, and most importantly, totally shareable.
 I'm telling you, you cannot be mad about anything in life after eating one of these.
 It's like napping in a field with a hundred lambs.
 And the coffee? Fill 'er up! They frequently make rounds to top you off of the dark, delicious brew.
I haven't strayed from the Country Breakfast.
 I just can't! Eggs any style, biscuit with gravy, hashbrowns, collard greens.
 I could not design a better breakfast.
 I am a serious biscuit snob (they're so simple and yet people somehow ruin the simplicity of it) and I can say, Sequoia rocks the biscuit.
 It's like the Pat Benatar of biscuits.
 Eventually I will try their huevos rancheros.
The diner is bright, inviting, and has that Northern Oakland vibe.
 They were smart about the design of the tables, where you can easily transition seating from 2 to larger groups.
 However, this place is definitely not huge, so I have no idea how long it would take to accommodate a larger party during prime time.
 Meanwhile, it's a perfect location for my 1:1 time with my besties.
Skip Montclair's subpar spots, and give Sequoia Diner a shot.
I'd had this bookmarked for a while, but ventured into the Laurel District in East Oakland for the first time this morning.
 I was surprised to see that none of my trusted East Bay Yelpers had reviewed this place but was excited to give it a whirl.
We arrived around 8:30 and found the place mostly full, but were able to grab the last available booth with no wait.
 It has that diner charm, with a long bar counter and several booths along the wall.
 This isn't the place to bring a large group, but it is perfectly cozy for 2 or 4.
 There are several adorable waitresses that were super friendly, greeting you on the way in and out, and keeping the coffee coming.
 I loved the positive vibe.
I like that they keep the menu relatively simple, with several classics, and a few twists.
 No kids menu here, per se, but my boys were happy with their pastries.
a pecan roll and the strawberry cream cheese danish.
 They stood on their own as a small breakfast, but would be equally nice as a shared starter while you wait on the main event.
I was thrilled with the mushroom and spinach scramble which, like their other egg dishes, come with some perfectly cooked and seasoned potatoes, some excellent sourdough toast, and a small rocket salad.
 Seemingly simple, but it leaves you wondering why you can't do 'em that perfect at home.
The Highwire brewed coffee wasn't my favorite, but it did the trick and my cup was never empty or cold.
All in all, a real winner that will get added to the Sunday rotation!.
I was sold when I saw that they have Pecan Sticky Buns!  I love sticky buns and for some reason, it's really hard to find it in the Bay Area.
  I used to get them at Berkeley Bowl, but they don't have it anymore.
  I'm also very particular about my sticky buns.
  Often the dough is not soft enough, it is too sweet or there is too much cinnamon.
  Sequoia Diner's Pecan Sticky Bun is perfect in all respects and the price is right too.
  $3.
75 for one is quite reasonable.
  It's a nice size, so two people can easily share one.
 We ended up ordering one with our breakfast, and I took their last one to go.
  It'll go great with my coffee tomorrow morning!.
We did have other breakfast items as well.
  My husband ordered the Beef Hash dish which came with a couple of perfectly poached eggs, pickled beets, arugula salad and carrots.
  His plate was very colorful, and most importantly, the beef hash was delicious.
  He loved it and he was nice enough to let me taste it.
I had the Biscuits and Gravy with a side of sausage.
 As I already had half of a sticky bun, I thought I'd just order a couple of sides and skip a big entree.
  The biscuit was quite large and it was flaky, tender and buttery.
  It came with a nice amount of gravy.
  The gravy was a little under seasoned, so I had to add some salt and pepper on top.
  The sausages were perfect with the Biscuit and Gravy.
  You can tell that the sausages were house made and thankfully they weren't salty.
As for beverages, I ordered Coconut Thai Iced Tea and the hubby had the Decaf Highwire.
  We brew Highwire Coffee at home, so we were happy to see that on their menu.
  I was really glad they use coconut milk for their Thai Iced Tea.
  It was really good, though I'd like to have a stronger tea flavor.
There was a wait when we got there around 10:45.
  We waited for about half hour.
 They pretty much have a constant stream of diners, so expect to wait if you go here on weekends.
  Service is very friendly and I really appreciate that everything is made in house.
  We will definitely go back!.
If you're in the neighborhood and the wait isn't crazy, check it out.
We knew there wasn't a full espresso menu so put our names in and got lattes across the street at World Ground.
 It made the wait of about 35 minutes enjoyable.
As others have said, there's another significant wait to get your order and it's loud inside but neither were a problem for us.
 It was nice not to be rushed and I enjoyed watching the openness of the kitchen prep area.
The blood orange juice was delightfully tart.
 I'm usually partial to big fluffy waffles but I was really digging the thin crispness of theirs.
 The potatoes were smashed-style and solid.
 The huevos rancheros with chorizo were overpowered by the bold flavor of the sauce but I do appreciate how they make everything in-house, including the meat.
I really enjoyed coming here for their brunch.
 Thank goodness I came with friends so that I can taste their dish as well!.
One thing I did not like was that we had to wait for an hour to get a table.
 But then again, what do you expect for Sunday brunch right?!?.
I order their coconut Thai iced tea and I thought it was just the right amount of sweetness.
 I believe my friend was indifferent about the drink though.
 My hubby got the matcha almond iced latte and I thought it was OK but he liked it.
 He did get less honey in the drink so if he got it the normal way, I probably would have liked it more.
I ordered their Country Breakfast and that was good, not great.
 It came with a biscuit and sausage gravy, two eggs, greens, and potatoes.
 The highlight for this entree was the biscuit since it was so freakin' moist, soft, buttery! I tried my friend's beef hash and I so liked his dish more than mine.
I'd definitely come back here for their pastries, beef hash, and biscuits!.
Sequoia, the new home of the now long-gone and super mediocre Full House, is a little gem of a hipster haven worth pushing past the throngs of screaming toddlers and hoards of impatient soon-to-be patrons for.
 It's pretty good.
 Serving up the usual diner fare with their own flare and fancy (and a bit of a price hike, juheard?), Sequoia aims to please by grabbing you in with something you're familiar with and getting a good grip on you with their unique flavors.
 I usually storm the joint on a Sunday or Saturday morning with m'ladies, but today's dolo trip offered a more reflective experience and prompted me to step outside of my usual "two eggs and toast with avo on the side" comfort zone.
I was surprised to find when I walked up around 10 A.
M.
 on a Wednesday that the diner already had a significant crowd outside.
 They didn't have pitchforks just yet but they looked like they were hungry enough to turn into an angry mob.
 Luckily, I signed in with the lovely hostess and was at a counter seat within ten minutes.
 Once seated, I ordered a mimosa and decided today was the day I'd get jiggy with that Red Flannel Hash I had heard so much about and constantly peered over people's heads to get a better look at.
 I also decided to forego the sliced sourdough in favor of a biscuit so I could finally weigh in on those, as I've heard they're pretty good here.
My mimosa was sad and unimpressive, mostly because the orange juice seemed suspect.
 But the Red Flannel Hash and the biscuit both surpassed my expectations! The Red Flannel Hash is one of those textural and flavor landscapes I live for: warm, crunchy, soft and runny meets savory, sweet, tart and buttery.
 The pickled cabbage that comes with the hash is equal parts culinary genius and just damned good pairing for a poached egg and hash combo.
 I didn't really get into the sour cream glob on the side but I'm not a sour cream girl.
The biscuit is just as buttery and flaky and scrumptious as you've heard.
 But the nuances of seasonality scalded me: I got stuck with cranberry preserves, which were pretty gross.
 Still, the biscuit remained sweet and resilient in the face of something so bitter, as we all should.
 Life lessons, brought to you by Sequoia Diner.
A great new spot for the best breakfast in town!  You gotta be patient though, as there is always a wait.
  Just put your name on the list and have a cuppa.
Farm fresh greens and in house biscuits can't be beat!  I have tried the country breakfast and the Benedict - both excellent!  The potatoes are amazing and crispy _ you won't be disappointed!.
If you have time for a leisurely wait and want your coffee cup "warmed up" as you hang out with the Laurel District gentrifiers, this is your spot.
At prime time there's quite a wait and the parking shituation  is very competitive on MacArthur.
 The coffee? So-so.
 Are you hungry? The kitchen isn't as speedy as it should be, but "have some more coffee.
".
Been here a few times and this premium-priced trendy breakfast spot serves up great food but is a bit over-hyped.
 The original vision is pretty good.
 Hopefully, they can get more efficient to make the wait and price with the visit.
 Still, it's a four star cafe.
11/20/15.
 Breakfast.
This feels like Valencia Street in San Francisco.
 A diner serves modern twists of traditional breakfast.
 The well-lit space has a dining encounter, booths and tables.
 The tables are also reminiscent of the city--they are packed pretty tight.
 Service is quick and friendly.
*Golden Waffle ($7.
50) is thin eggo-like topped with candied apples.
 It's the kind of waffle we prefer, not the thick Belgian kind.
*Spinach and Mushroom Scramble ($12) is the only scramble on the menu so here it is.
 It's perfectly done with runny scrambled egg woven evenly with spinach and fresh mushrooms.
 I'm not a cheese person usually but the Swiss is not overpowering and adds flavor to the egg.
 Served with arugula salad, fried potato and a thick buttered toast.
 Hearty and tasty.
Coffee is constantly refilled.
 It's from Hot Wire.
 They also gave fresh-squeezed orange juice.
 The homemade goods for the day are cranberry scone ($3) and pecan sticky bun ($3.
50) both of which are tempting.
Berkeley appears to be bleeding into Oakland, as this locally owned and sourced cafe felt like a place you would expect to find about twenty minutes north of this location.
 I've never been to Laurel before, but it's one of those transitional, culturally diverse neighborhoods where you could have a cup of artisan coffee one minute but you feel a need to keep staring at your car while it's parked on the street.
 It's a Temescal-in-waiting, and if it does become the East Bay's next gourmet ghetto, you can thank the husband-and-wife team of Andrew Vennari and Sequoia Broderson who opened this comfy-cozy spot which drew quite a few for breakfast on Saturday morning (photo: bit.
ly/1L2zRnZ).
As usual in Oakland, I was done with my haircut and found myself here in a peckish state.
 Although it was only about a ten-minute wait for me, I was surprised by the constant stream of people looking to dine here since it's fairly nondescript from the outside.
 However, I could tell why the attraction by the eclectic selection of breakfasts on the menu including a $13 Huevos Rancheros and the same-priced Shakshuka, an Israeli-originated melange of squash, peppers, garbanzo beans, lebni (kefir cheese) and poached eggs.
 That all sounded appetizing, but I adhered to the Patriot Act and ordered the all-American-sounding Beef Hash (also $13), certainly not a Hormel Mary Kitchen canned creation by any stretch.
It consisted of shredded slow-braised beef chuck mashed up and fried on the griddle with potatoes.
 You could barely see it on the plate because it was covered by big shavings of raw carrots, arugula and a pair of poached eggs with homemade rye toast on the side (photo: bit.
ly/1WEvNpS).
 It looked almost downright healthy but not really, just tasty in a Berkeley commune kind of way with a bit of a kick from a dusting of horseradish.
 As much as I like this dish - and I did - I have to admit it was overshadowed by the sheer flakiness of the freshly baked $3.
25 Strawberry Scone (photo: bit.
ly/1NieroA).
 Worth every penny and perfectly complemented by the slightly overpriced $2.
75 cup of Highwire Coffee (photo: bit.
ly/1Nz1w6h).
 Now where is Laurel again?.
FOOD - 4 stars.
bold, fresh flavors for such dinerish fare with a standout scone.
AMBIANCE - 3.
5 stars.
nice, all-white interior (I mean the walls, not the people.
sort of) in a neighborhood still looking for its identity.
SERVICE - 4 stars.
very friendly and attentive server.
TOTAL - 4 stars.
coming back for the Shakshuka.
but seriously, where's Laurel again?.
Everything we have ordered came out delicious! The sticky buns were made so you can dream about them when you are hungry ! it s packed up weekends but the best time is during the week.
 I am soon happy this dinner is in the Laurel district a few blocks from my house.
Good job!.
When my old roommate from college decided she wanted eggs for breakfast, Montclair Egg Shop seemed like a very logical answer to her hunger.
 There ended up being a 40 minute wait when we showed up at 12 pm on a Saturday, but that led us to exploring the area for the first time (spoiler: there isn't much to do, but there IS a really good bookstore in the area).
THE BASICS.
+ It's a very old-fashioned sort of place, like a dusty diner, but in the best possible way.
+ At least 50% of the menu (if not more) focuses on eggs (logically so) - meaning you should really order something with eggs.
+ Service is pretty fast considering how slammed they get for brunch.
+ Their egg creations are quite good (egg shop ham & cheese potato pancakes ftw).
It's kind of amazing that this place has been around and in business for 42 years - definitely a solid place!.
thought my friend meant "eggslut" when he suggested this place, but either way it's fantastic.
 Our server was Antonio and he's just the sweetest thing; genuinely cared about our time there.
It took me a while to order because I couldn't decide between the french toast or the crêpes, but I thoroughly enjoyed my french toast.
 The ambiance is quaint and mellow, much like the rest of the street outside.
All in all: service was great, brunch was lovely, and despite their lack of variety in coffee, I definitely recommend this place.
Ah the egg shop.
 This place seems like an iconic part of Montclair.
The service is good.
 We came here after my best friend had a minor surgery, and were immediately greeted warmly and seated.
 The hostess took our drink orders, and when we hadn't received them by the time our waiter showed up, he immediately ran to do it himself.
 Very cool.
 To the hostesses' credit, it was super busy, and she apologized.
The food is.
okay.
 I opted for chilequiles and was a bit disappointed.
 For one, the eggs were over soft- no choice as to how to cook them, and the salsa was bland.
 The quest fresco was rubbery.
 I went from excited to "I can barely eat this" pretty quickly.
My best friend got a large waffle with whipped cream.
 She said it was pretty damned good.
 Portion sizes are relatively large.
Basic breakfast.
 Nothing fancy.
 I don't think I'd spend the money to come back.
Very nice people working here though.
 The service is good.
Ohmygoodness!.
This place is beyond cute.
 It's located in their cute little downtown.
Has a "small-town" vibe to it.
Walking in - the décor reminded me of Leavenworth in WA - Bavarian.
 SUPER CUTE!.
You sign-in at the notepad they have at the podium & have a seat.
There isn't necessarily a hostess - someone behind the counter, cooking was the one that told me to put my name down.
We were seated immediately - there was no one in front of us - so that could be lucky for us.
There is ample seating & the restaurant looks a lot smaller than it really is.
They took our drink orders quickly but took a little longer to take our food orders.
The food did come quickly though - a PLUS in case you're super hungry.
I ordered one of their specials - Garden Omelet which had asparagus, zucchini, spinach, & a bunch of other stuff.
I honestly took a couple bites & knew that it wasn't my cup o' tea.
My whole omelet tasted like asparagus.
 Sure, it wouldn't bother me so much but it was just really bland -_-.
No flavor whatsoever.
Oh! I substituted the potato fries for fruit - as usual it cost extra.
Oh, my friend ordered bacon on the side & they charged her 4 dollars.
 Just FYI.
All in all - I wasn't really impressed.
 Sad to say, I took the omelet home but pretty much threw it away & made my own omelet.
One of thine partner in crimes and I had a hankering for a tasty brunch experience and a tall glass'a mimosa to start our New Year off right.
 I'm not ashamed to admit that I called several other eateries first to see how long the wait time was (and whether they served alcohol) before we ended up here.
 The wait was about 35 minutes, giving us plenty of time to determine what we would be eating before we were seated.
I chose two eggs scrambled with jack cheese, home fries, an english muffin and a side of avocado.
 My accomplice dined on the Egg Shop's signature Ham, Cheese & Potato Pancake, which comes with scrambled eggs.
 With the exception of my "Home Fried Potatoes", the meal was pretty good.
 The potatoes were greasy, undercooked and inedible so I didn't touch them.
 My friend said that her potato pancake was good and didn't suffer from the grease problem that my home freezies did.
 The jealousy was flagrant but I was still happy for her.
 Plus I was too focused on the delicious pomegranate mimosa in front of me.
Our server was Adolfo and he was totally attentive, super sweet and didn't make us feel rushed or act irritated even though by the time we were seated the place was pretty much closed.
 And who wouldn't want to get the hell out of their job on New Year's Day? Thanks again!.
I had the Belgium waffle topped with strawberries, bananas and whipped cream with a side of eggs and bacon.
 Everything was delicious, but I had to knock a star off because their coffee was not my favorite.
 It was bitter and just seemed old.
 It didn't taste like a freshly brewed cup of coffee and that dented my eating experience a bit.
 I'd like to bring my own in the future without being judged.
The price was great, the ambiance was really cute.
 There's writing on the ceiling and behind the kitchen.
 Really neat place.
Like any good brunch spot, there was a wait and for some reason my cell service was not the best here so talk amongst yourselves.
 hahaha And don't give up on checking in!!.
The service here is always wonderful.
 All the servers and hosts are super friendly with their guests and each other.
I always order something different but I love their "make your own" omelets.
 The coffee is good too.
 I think it'd be super cute if the upstairs were open for eating too because there's always a wait.
 But whatever, it's never more than a 15 minute wait.
 You know this place must be great if the neighboring restaurants are usually empty while people are waiting to eat here.
 Definitely a favorite!.
So I wanted to try a new place and this place had good reviews and the food pics looked great.
 The main thing I wanted to get was the pancakes, but by the time the server came to take our order they "ran out" of pancakes.
 How do you run out of pancakes? Can't you just make more batter?.
Going in it has a very rustic welcoming feel.
 The red brick walls and fireplace makes it more personable.
 Most tables are 2 seaters so because there were 4 of us we were seated in the back.
 It was nice and quiet.
I ordered the Egg Shop Ham&Cheese Potato Pancake and hubby got the corned beef hash.
 The potato pancake is basically hash browns with ham and cheese which I was looking forward to.
 Unfortunately I was informed it has cilantro which it doesn't state on the menu.
 It also didn't state it contains onions and green onions which I discovered after taking my first bite.
 That's about when my gag reflex kicked in.
 Me and onions don't like each other.
 I'd never have ordered it if it said those 2 items were in there.
 Ended up eating my daughter's French toast while she ate the hubby's side order of Belgian waffle.
 Yeah they can make waffles but not pancakes.
Hubby was not impressed by the corned beef hash.
 It was ok but was more potatoes and veggies than corned beef.
Their soft drinks were a cup of ice with a soda can so no "refills".
 At $1.
50-$2.
50 a can I opted for water.
A little pricey but ok for just me and hubby.
 Not a place we'd bring the kids because our kids eat more than their serving size.
 Lol.
All in all it was just ok.
 I might try it again if I'm in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it and I also wouldn't recommend it to anyone just yet.
 Maybe next time.
maybe.
Delicious french toast and Belgian waffles :).
 With fresh strawberries and whipped cream! Their orange juice tastes freshly squeezed and all of their servers were very nice!! The ambience was chill and kind of eccentric but I liked it! Clowns and trains, and old timey things.
 My only complaint! Was one particularly creepy waiter who worked there and hit on me and my sister and stared every time he walked by.
 Not what I'm looking for with my breakfast.
A little disappointed in this place.
 Came here on a Sunday at 10:30am.
 Limited street parking because there is a farmer's market.
 Also took 30 mins to get a table.
 Guess it's the only joint in town.
 Ordered the Benedict with crab cake and also the bloody mary with sake.
 My benedict was very disapponting.
 Eggs were overcooked.
 When I cut into them, the yolk was cooked.
 Also there was avocado skin in my meal that should have been thrown out and random peices of corn?? As for the bloody mary, there was nothing special tasting about it.
 Overall, had high hopes, but the meal was just ok.
Came here on a Sunday morning.
  It was packed and there was a long wait.
  Food and service were both good.
  I had the Eggs Benedict with country potatoes.
  Very good!  Nice spot, highly recommended.
Omg.
 Their jam though.
 Homemade.
Apricot jam.
 I wanted to steal the whole jar haha! I always get their scramble which is nicely done.
 The eggs are in the runnier side and that's the way I like my eggs! It was delicious.
I feel conflicted about giving this place only 3 stars.
 I have nothing but good memories at this neighborhood place (used to come here in high school).
 The service was wonderful but the food was pretty mediocre.
 My eggs benedict was soggy from the generous amount of hollandaise.
 Don't get me wrong, I love hollandaise with all my heart, but there is such a thing as too much.
 I could also tell that the crab cake had a ton of filler/binder.
 Kind of a nitpicky complaint, but my avocado slices were bruised (at least cut away the bruised parts).
 Bf really liked his potato pancakes though.
 Perfectly crisp and seasoned.
 Food here is like diner food but better, but only a little better.
 The plastic plates and dingy cups don't help.
We typically go here for breakfast meetings and it is never a disappointment.
  They have a variety of breakfast items to choose from, whether you have a hankering for a standard 2 eggs and bacon breakfast or maybe a sweeter dish like waffles, or more ethnic dish like breakfast tacos, they have it here!.
Yesterday I ordered the breakfast tacos which honestly is the best deal.
  For 8.
95, you get two tacos with greens, bacon, and eggs how you want it, covered with salsa and a side of half an avocado.
  As you can see from the picture, it's a huge dish!.
Great flavor and fast service.
  On the weekends though, there may be a wait.
 But, totally worth it!.
+/- THE FOOD.
I had really high expectations for this place seeing that it was so packed when I went.
 I ordered the chicken apple sausage scramble and a pomegranate mimosa and it was just alright.
 The scramble was rather bland and didn't have any attributes that stood out to me.
 The mimosa was definitely 80% champagne and 20% juice.
 I tasted no pomegranate whatosever.
 I also tried my friend's regular orange mimosa and same thing- too much champagne.
+ THE ENVIRONMENT.
The place is absolutely adorable.
 It's like you stepped into a little cottage from a storybook.
 The restaurant is neatly decorated with a bunch of gadgets and gizmos like toy trains and inspirational quotes on the wall.
 The place is pretty small but very clean.
We went to the Montclair Egg Shop this week for the first time.
 We were seated right away.
 I was hungry so I ordered the challah bread French toast and an omelette with bell peppers, mushrooms, spinach, and jack cheese.
The omelette was your standard size and was pretty tasty.
 The French toast was just okay.
 The bread was too flat/thin and it tasted just okay.
The prices were good and the service was good as well.
 We will return!.
Breakfast of Champions! You know it's that good if you saw Andre Iguodala enjoying his breakfast while you were here.
 Shared the potato pancake and salmon scramble, both were delicious and hearty.
NBA Finals MVP approved! #StrengthInNumbers #NBAChamps #Warriors.
Service is good.
Nice atmosphere.
Attractive interior.
If you are into America style breakfast no doubt it suits to your pallet.
Vs decent European breakfast places eg in the nicer parts of London, there is way more sugar and other high glycogen index ingredients.
 such ingredients are not too my taste, leave me feeling bloated and of course contributes to putting on weight.
scrambled eggs with salmon:-- like most America breakfast the egg was more like an omelet chopped up.
 The salmon is mixed in to the egg, which also makes it more difficult to cook to the best consistency.
old fashioned oaks:-- expecting big fat Scottish rolled oats which typically have lots of flavour, but found them to be more like typical modern rolled oats.
 I asked for no sugar but there was shed loads of both brown sugar and honey.
 It was sweeter than a pudding.
 The oats were also overlooked and had lost all there lost form.
they kindly took it back and brought me a version with no sugar or honey and the oats were less cooked.
Mocha:- pleasant but massive(full size tall  glass) too sweet, suspect they use the chocolate syrup as couldn't taste much cocoa.
All in all pretty consistent with other American breakfast places I've been to above average atmosphere.
 I'll be making my own breakfast until I discover a decent place.
Came here a second time for dinner instead of brunch this time.
DRINKS- Plaid on plaid drink was so good! Love those egg white drinks, and they do it well here.
FOOD- Tried their famous fried chicken, and it was soooo juicy!! I was surprised.
 Just wish there were more vegetables since they only gave 2 pieces of asparagus with 2 giant fried chicken.
ATMOSPHERE- modern, restaurant is small inside, so we sat outside which was quite nice.
 Lively neighborhood to grab dinner at.
OVERALL- Awesome restaurant!.
Sorry to be late in posting this.
life gets in the way, especially when one is remodeling [smile].
After a lovely 2014 Holiday Series dinner, the 2015 Holiday Series dinner, which essentially promised the same menu of various goose dishes, was a real letdown.
 Cost-cutting undermined  the once-lovely appetizer plate, which had a similar trio of dishes but was less generous,less interesting, and more green salad than anything else.
Entree dish was salty (confit; insufficiently rinsed) and greasy (potatoes).
 The breast meat was chewy even tho sliced thin, and a touch overseasoned with thyme.
 Grilled escarole was a nice bitter element but the plate was surprisingly dull-looking, especially compared to prior year's plate where bright Fuyu persimmons provided a lovely accent in both color and flavor.
Hopscotch's dessert menu is annoyingly banal.
 In an area filled with great pastry chefs, offering mud pie or donuts is disappointing.
 We tried the latter, which were dull and served with a too-sweet butterscotch cream.
 It has no depth, and since the donuts are just fried dough, a little something more interesting is needed than just additional sugar on top of grease and flour.
Overall: a big miss which left us sad.
 Itani's one of Oakland's premier groundbreaking chefs, but we're finding better food elsewhere these days.
Meat-heavy, drink-heavy.
 Despite diner decor, this is for people who know little about food.
 Mel's in SF makes this place look sick.
 Thunderously noisy, even though there's not many tables.
- Fish'n'chips.
 Travesty.
 Little pieces of heavily battered fish.
 Much vaunted duck fat chips are a waste of $2.
 There are many places where duck fat fries are worth the upcharge.
Hopscotch is not one of them.
 The three of us compared them head-to-head with the regular fries, and found very, very, very scant difference.
 Both regular and duck fat were slightly too greasy; we like our chips a bit crisper.
- Fried chicken was a fried disaster.
 The batter was the extra-crispy style, which Spouse dislikes, and was fried so hard and so long that even the dark meat was dried out.
 It also had the dessicated look of fried food that had been sitting around, although he said it was very hot all the way through.
 He did like the raw pickled cauliflower florets with it, however.
- Burger with tongue & the pork belly extra.
 Burger unsalted (big NO-NO) and didn't cover the bun.
 Slice of tongue was super-tiny and dried out.
 Pork belly griddled so it was just chewy thick bacon, much ado about nothing.
 The bun was good, but buttered before grilling, making it greasy.
 Adding mayo and aioli just made it even greasier.
 Ordered medium-rare, but came medium.
 No option for cheese, highly irritating because this puppy needed some salt (and I don't often say that, being on 20 yrs of low-salt diet!).
 Needed a whole lot more of those pickled onions to get any flavor through all the oil slick.
Iced tea was a very strange black tea/sassafras blend.
 Does anybody seriously think weak flat root beer flavoring makes good iced tea???  But the ginger limeade was superb.
 By itself, however, one good juice drink isn't enough to be worth the schlep out here.
Try Spice Monkey for fish'n'chips, Pican or Bistro 1491 for fried chicken, and anywhere else for a burger.
If only yelp allowed half stars, 3.
5 would be my true rating.
Service.
Came here for lunch with a friend on a Friday afternoon.
 Love the ambience.
 Small, cozy space.
 Restaurant was slow.
 Walked in.
 No hostess.
 Then she appeared behind the bar.
 Attended to a customer who had a takeout order, but neglected to greet us afterwards.
 Had to approach her to ask, "Do we seat ourselves?".
 Unenthusiastically, she responded, "No, I will.
" Half star ticked right off for that!.
The server was friendly, but not overbearing.
 I can't stand when a waiter asks you five times in 10 min intervals, "How is everything?".
There is outdoor seating in the front of the restaurant and they are dog friendly, yay!! My friend asked the server for some chicken for the dog and (although it took a while.
) he came back with perfectly grilled slices of chicken (4 bucks a breast).
 The food came out in a timely manner, but our additional order of the two Yonsei Oysters were lagging and we even thought that that it might have been forgotten.
 There were only three other tables at this time.
 Another half star ticked off!.
Food.
Start-Little Green Salad with butter lettuce, baby kale, (shaved) celery, hazelnuts, soft sheeps cheese, Sherry vinaigrette: (warning: it's truly starter size and takes four full bites to eat.
) Some bites were overly salted and others under.
 The sheeps cheese was the star.
 Greens were crisp and can't hate on those toasted hazelnuts.
 Last half star ticked off for this one!.
Main-Buttermilk Fried Chicken with black sesame asparagus: DAMN, that crusty, crunchy, flakey, party in yo mouth chicken skin.
 Tell me your secrets! It's a GIANT chicken drumstick+thigh.
 The meat itself was well cooked over a bed of cabbage slaw.
 Finally, topped with two grilled asparagus (keepin those expectations realistic!).
 Not the best fried chicken I've ever had, but pretty darn good.
Side-Yonsei Oysters with sea urchin, salmon roe and citrus: Real fresh ingredients.
 These were the good ones.
 Little sweet oysters.
 Gotta love that sea brine.
 More citrus than soy, but how can you go wrong that roe and sea urchin??! A dozen more please!.
I really wanted to like this place for brunch but only had an ok experience.
Warning:.
-Coffee was/is terrible! Sorry but it's either the beans you're using, lack of extraction when brewing or maybe the coffee machine needs to be decalcify.
We asked for another cup with a new pot and tasted just as bad.
-Place gets heated up fast.
 Seems like no AC so expect to sweat on a warm day.
 I can't imagine in the summer.
Now to food.
1.
 Buttermilk fried chicken - crispy, juicy, fresh and hot.
 Chicken and gravy were the best part of my brunch.
 However, biscuit was hard and chewy.
 Side of fruits tasted sour and old :( Also no choice on how you want your eggs when you order this dish.
 Only scrambled.
2.
 Mushroom Benedict - lacks flavor.
 Need a lil truffle oil or something to enhance the shiitake mushrooms and need to reduce the cream on the potatoes.
3.
 Donuts - good but really small for the portion.
only 3 mini round donuts.
 Gotta split the 3rd :/.
Honestly don't know if I'll try this place again.
 Tempted to go back and order the Benedict with pork belly but not sure I can convince the BF to give it another shot.
This is a cute, trendy spot in Uptown Oakland where customers ranging from college students to older, more mature patrons come to dine.
 It is a tiny restaurant, but there is seating both inside and outside, and the decorations are spot-on.
 The menu changes for lunch and dinner, and are limited to about 5-7 offerings, and is on the pricey side.
I came here once for brunch and another time for dinner.
My favorite is the yonsei oysters, which includes salmon roe and uni on the half shell, a perfect Asian fusion dish.
 They taste fresh and complex.
 One second you taste the salty juices of the roe, then you taste the sweet briny freshness of the uni, followed by the cool ocean flavor of the oysters.
 The portions are a bit small but they are definitely delicious.
For brunch, I had the braised pork belly benedict.
 The pork belly was cooked perfectly, crunchy and tender at the right places.
 The hollandaise sauce was the right amount of creamy and citrusy.
 I liked that it was a well-executed twist on a classic brunch platter.
However, I did not like the dinner dishes as much.
 They seemed a bit too average for the price you pay.
 Granted, I'm sure they use the most high quality and the freshest ingredients, but at $19 for a plate of pasta and $22 for clams, I sort of expect something out of this world.
The soba bucatini is very tomatoey but tastes just a bit better than the average pasta, though the green beans do add a nice crunch.
 The manila clams were yummy and it came with a deep-fried vegetable that paired well with the seafood tomato sauce.
 However, I felt the prices were too high for what my bf and I got.
Overall, this is a nice little date spot, but much more so for brunch.
 They have a bar and serve all types of alcohol, so it's great for boozey brunch.
Any chance to try a new brunch place is gladly taken - #brunchsohard! We heard this place has a better brunch menu than dinner.
 They have a very small location but there's apparently more seating next door! You can make reservations too, so definitely plan ahead.
Everything on their menu was tempting - American brunch fare with a Korean twist, what better combination could there be!? I just had to go for the kimchee fried rice with shoyu eggs and pork belly.
 Tender, flavorful, spicy and sweet.
every bite was perfect.
 We also got to try the donuts with butterscotch cream (it should be a sin to have this for breakfast) and the cinnamon challah toast with jam (how is this so soft?!).
 I had a bite of their famous fried chicken and biscuits for whatever room was left in my stomach and wow it was not your typical chicken and biscuits!.
Based on my experience today, you will not be disappointed no matter what you order.
 Wish we had this place closer to home.
I'd be ordering that kimchee fried rice on a weekly basis.
I went with a Yonsei Oyster and the Buttermilk Fried Chicken--both were good, but both items are way overpriced which disallows me from giving this place anymore than 3 stars.
 Everything else about the experience here was outstanding except the $23 chicken that didn't even come with a carb on the side.
 That dish is worth $13-$15 at most.
 It was literally just some fried chicken (sure, dredged in their signature marinade of buttermilk, soy sauce, and potato starch), some asparagus, and chrysanthemum salad with vinegar.
 The chicken was juicy and tasty but it wasn't even a decent size--was still hungry after.
 You can argue that this one dish alone isn't supposed to fill you up however I think that the very essence of fried chicken is a comfort food that serves the purpose of filling you up and if someone wants to make it extra special, he/she can do that, but he/she doesn't need to make it so fancy it becomes small and too expensive.
 It's fried chicken, how much extra does your buttermilk and soy sauce cost? This isn't Napa where you're surrounded by million dollar wineries.
 I can understand overpriced oysters, but $23 fried chicken in Oakland? You've got to be kidding me.
Since I wasn't fully satisfied, I had to go to Belly down the street which is where I should've went to in the first place.
 Literally, if they just added something like mashed or scalloped potatoes, this dish would be on point.
 I'm not sure why everyone raves about it.
 Furthermore, I've never complained about negative space on a dish but even from the consumer point of view, the dish didn't come together well looks-wise.
 It'll leave you hanging like, "where's the rest of my food?" The oyster was pretty delicious, but not worth $5.
So, I honestly would recommend checking out Hopscotch and I want to come back someday to give it another try, but please do yourself a favor and refrain from ordering that fried chicken--you're better off going to 'insert-your-favorite-fast-food-fried-chicken-joint here'.
On a positive note, the staff was very friendly and it's a cozy unique atmosphere that defines the rising Oakland food scene.
 I believe it might be best to make reservations if you're anticipating to come with friends during peak eating times.
I have to say Hopscotch has a pretty delicious brunch! This was my first time brunching in Oakland as opposed to SF, and it was pretty positive overall.
 The setup of the restaurant is a little confusing, as there are two separate rooms separated by a convenience store in the middle.
 We dined in the second room, which I actually thought had a nicer and more spacious layout.
We started off the meal with some mimosas and the Donuts and Butterscotch Cream.
 Definitely try these because they're super warm and fluffy, and the butterscotch is so good you'll literally want to bottle it and take it home! We decided to split a couple of the entrees, so we ordered the Buttermilk Fried Chicken and Biscuits, which had a really tasty gravy drizzled on top.
 The biscuit was nice and flaky and you can tell it's homemade.
 We also got the Kimchee Fried Rice with pork belly, which was the standout of the meal for me.
 The rice was really authentic, and I loved the addition of the jidori eggs!.
I've heard Hopscotch also has a delicious dinner menu, so I'd definitely come back to check it out!.
The combination of Beer (hops) and Scotch is already awesome but add gastro pub grub and you have the makings of a winner! The place is split into two separate rooms that are surrounding some other business so that's a bit strange at first.
 The main room where the hostess is located is quite small and I was wondering if we were going to fit.
 After a very short walk to their "annex" as they called it, we were pleased to find more larger tables and room for our party of four.
 Both rooms were sparsely decorated and appeared that the building was from the early 1900s, it had a cozy feel.
I had to start with a Hop / Scotch Pairing.
 I went with the Nikka Coffee Whiskey paired with Fort Point Charred Manzanita Red Ale ($14).
 The Scotch was served neat with both water and ice on the side.
 I popped a single rock into the scotch to open it up a bit and proceeded to sip back and forth off the two enjoying how the flavors played off each other in harmony.
The menu is spartan with only 5 entree offerings and 6 starter options.
 My wife had the ribs and I got to try one, they were quite good.
 They were tender but not too tender, seasoned well and served with Japanese Sweet Potatoes.
 I had the "First Base" Burger.
 It was a blend of house ground chuck and beef tongue.
 Now beef tongue is not usually something I seek out but I was feeling adventurous.
 I took a chance and ordered it medium rare on the waitresses suggestion and unfortunately is came out about as rare as I've ever seen a burger.
 I still ate it and it was tasty but I learned my lesson, medium for burgers, medium rare for steaks.
 I added the house cured bacon and some cheddar cheese to my burger and that put it @ $20.
 The $20 burger was served with some house made kennebec potato chips, it would have cost $4 more to substitute fries.
Price was my major gripe at this place (besides the uber rare meat), our bill was over $60 for the 2 of us and I had a burger! I'm not from the area so when I come back to town I will likely not return but it's worth trying at least once.
First time here for brunch, heard it was good but no expectations.
 We started with the Wasabi Bloody Mary's.
 I'm not a big Bloody Mary person but these totally hit the spot.
 Just the right level of heat and spice.
Then the donuts.
 You know when you have a bite of food and everyone goes quiet and looks at each other? Especially with a group that is usually not quiet? And then the conversation shifts to "What would be your last meal?" because the plate in front of you is now in the running? Yeah.
 Get the donuts.
Oh God and then the main course.
 I ordered the fried chicken with the sausage gravy on the side, poached eggs, biscuit and (mostly decorative) fruit and salad.
 This is some of the best fried chicken I've ever had.
 And the gravy with the biscuit.
 Ugh.
 I am still thinking about it 3 days later.
The service was friendly.
 Took a while to get our food, especially considering the place was mostly empty on a late Saturday afternoon, but I guess you can't rush perfection.
 I'll be back.
Any bar/restaurant that offers happy hour on a Saturday has a very, very special place in my heart.
 Especially when their happy hour menu includes $7 cocktails.
 Our bartender made the most amazing whiskey sours - he put egg white in them, so they were frothy and almost creamy.
The food is ah-mazing too.
 Holy crap, this is a f*cking good hamburger.
 The patty is so, so juicy and you can really taste that it's freshly made because the meat just crumbles in juicy goodness.
 Fries are thick and soft and they give you this tangy orange aioli to dip them in.
 It paired reallllly well with our whiskey sours.
The ambiance is old-timey and incredibly charming.
 Hopscotch has a second, disconnected room over from Subway (can we just get rid of the Subway?!) that we were seated in.
 One entire wall is a cream-colored tufted leather booth.
 It feels like something out of the golden age of jazz.
Service is remarkably friendly and made for a very comfortable experience.
 Love love love Hopscotch.
Oh hey, you can get a bucket of fried chicken to-go too :).
A friend who knows I like fried chicken said I had to come here and try their buttermilk fried chicken.
  $18 for half a chicken, she said.
  At those prices, it'd better be some chicken, I said.
In the first place, it isn't half a chicken.
  (To be fair to the restaurant, they don't say it is.
)  It's two pieces, a boneless breast and a drumstick (not boneless), sort of melded together with a bridge of excess breading.
  When it was served, I was told "the only bone is in the drumstick", which suggested that there might be at least a boneless thigh or a boneless wing in there somewhere, but there wasn't.
The breading was very crunchy and very thick.
  It had an interesting seasoning, that was its best point.
  It was quite tolerable with the thick, not particularly moist breast meat.
  Once I'd eaten that, though, the breading became overwhelming, and I was glad there wasn't any more.
After leaving here, I drove up Telegraph and went past a Church's, and I thought: I could have gotten twice as much fried chicken, just as good and with less heavy breading, for half as much money, if I'd gone here instead.
One of the rare times my wife and I agreed that a restaurant was 5 stars.
I had the burger.
 It was perfectly done, juicy, and tasted amazing.
 One of the best burgers I've had.
 It was worth the $14.
My wife had the ribs, which she loved.
 The meat came off the bone very easily, and the sauce was quite flavorful (and a bit smokey, which she liked).
 She was also very happy with the cocktail she had (an interesting tropical and smokey flavor combo).
We also really enjoyed the mud pie.
No complaints!.
Food to die for and a counter to die at.
Brunch could be wonderful, but you can't eat comfortably at the counter.
 The stools have no foot rest and you get a climbing Halfdome experience clinging to the 2 inch rail the provide.
NOTE TO READER: Before I get my head chopped off by other yelpers.
 (This has happened before) I am about to go on a 14 hour flight, out of the country.
 During this flight I have nothing to do and I know I have slacked on my reviewing because I have been crazy busy! Although every time I have gone somewhere new I made it a point to check-in so I may go back and review later.
 It has taken me a while to review these restaurants but I am finally doing so.
 Before somebody says "you posted x9843058048 reviews in one day", please know that I am reviewing as my flight is in the air and will be posting once landed at my destination.
 Thank you! Also, I review on trip advisor before anybody goes psycho crazy on me saying they seen this review elsewhere.
 I post on both yelp and trip advisor of my reviews! Thank you (:.
Location: Downtown Oakland, street parking!.
Customer Service: Fast and welcoming!.
Decor: Small restaurant but cutesy atmosphere, we sat at the table top seating where the small bar is at.
Presentation of Food: ---.
How did the food taste?: FIRST BASE BURGER WITH GRIDDLED BEEF TONGUE.
 That's all I have to say.
 AMAZING.
Overall Experience: Good!.
Would I Come Back?: Yes!! Hell Yes!.
When my daughter flew in from Orlando, she was hungry.
  So, we decided to eat something small.
  Hence, we came to Oakland Grill.
  We were here a few times, but I never got a chance to write a review until now.
We ordered the waffle with 2 eggs, and 2 bacons.
  When they brought the plate, it was a large portion.
  Good side for 2 people.
  My daughter and I shared a plate.
The food wasn't too bad.
  Can't really go wrong with breakfast, unless it's Dennys.
  For the most part, it was good.
  I like their service.
  Very friendly service.
  The ambience wasn't too bad.
  It can get very busy during the weekends.
  Be prepare for it.
Rating:.
Food:  4.
Service:  4.
Price:  4.
Ambience:  4.
Overall:  4.
I would come back over and over again.
We got lucky with parking for a Sunday but we did look for around 10 mins.
Wait was super quick for a Sunday at 11:30, the guy who seated us was awesome!.
Get to a cute table, given menus.
Waitress comes and is stank in the face, I can tell this will be fun, no hello, no nothing, just :.
"What would you like? ".
The food was expensive for what it is but hey that's trendy Oakland.
I would have at least had an egg that was cooked to order.
 ( picture added ).
I got attitude for being allergic to pineapple, had no idea pancakes come with a side of fruit as it's not mentioned on the menu.
I'm sad! My boyfriend loves Eggs Benny and his would have been really easy place to help him get his fix.
Yes! Family could not stop telling me about the crab cakes, and they were delicious.
  Serving size here is stupendous.
  Staff here is really nice, and our waitress was so attentive.
We split the crab cake benedict and pancakes.
  The apple sausage is worth trying.
I love a breakfast place like this.
  The atmosphere is just relaxed and warm.
I came with a bigger group of 6 and had about a 25 minute wait which is a lot faster than I thought it would be considering the large crowd of people standing outside of the restaurant.
I ordered the chef's eggs Benedict which I was really excited about from the reviews, but sadly it just fell short.
 The eggs itself were cooked perfectly and the side potatoes were well seasoned and quite tasty.
 Aside from that everything else was quite disappointing.
 The sausage wasn't very tasty and the sauce was too overpowering and made the toasted English muffin soggy and hard to cut through.
 Though I was starving coming in I barely could finish half the meal.
Taking a bite of the cob salad, I wish I would have gotten that because the crispy bacon and the fresh lettuce mixed with the well seasoned chicken (which was a hair dry) was worlds better than what I had.
Overall, aside from the great customer service this place was just meh and I probably would check out another breakfast place next time.
GREAT BRUNCH SPOT! Generous portions, and their potato hash is bomb! It has a subtle spiciness to it.
 The side of potatoes comes with your entree, or it's 3.
99$ as a side.
 We ordered the Dungeness crab Benedict, which was on their special.
 It had heaping servings of crab, a great creamy hollandaise sauce on top and a great portion of potatoes.
 For 1.
99$, you can substitute your toast with a pancake.
We also ordered the turkey/avocado/bacon Benedict, also on their special.
 The combo was amazing and the poached egg was nice & drippy when I poked into it.
Great spot, service was friendly & atmosphere was inviting.
 Will definitely come back !.
Jack London Square was fairly empty on Monday around 11:30 am.
 Assuming that it was a weekday and no one around, we thought the Oakland Grill wouldn't have much people.
 But I guess everyone that didn't have work also decided to go to Oakland grill.
 It was pretty packed, we came in and snagged the last table.
CRAB CAKE BENEDICT: $12.
99.
SUPER FRIED.
 but it was so good.
 [Crab cake+Poached egg + hollandaise sauce+English muffin].
My friend preferred the blackstone Benedict, he said the crab and was too heavy and too fried for him.
 All of the benedicts come with seasoned potatoes with a dollop of sour cream.
 I Put the sour cream on the side.
 Also comes with two small slices of fruit.
BLACKSTONE BENEDICT: $12.
99.
[bacon+tomato+hollandaise sauce+English muffin] totally preferred the crab cake.
 The way they made the eggs though wasn't as runny as we all thought it would be.
 This one was okay to me, but my friends loved this one way more.
STRAWBERRY MIMOSA: $3.
99.
Pretty small glass.
 I totally thought it was strawberry + mimosa (OJ + Champagne) but it was actually strawberry + champagne.
 It was pretty tasty.
 Wish the flavor was more crispy C like a chilled glass or something.
ORANGE JUICE: $4.
50.
Freshly squeezed.
 No pulp.
 A bit pricey.
 Small glass.
Definitely a good find.
 Would come again.
 Has the ambience of a Denny's diner.
 Also has an upstairs for dining.
This was a cool little place my work group visited while out on a team building trip.
 The location is in an area where there's a lot of wholesale produce traffic, so be forewarned that not only is parking bad, but be mindful of fast moving forklifts hauling produce.
The restaurant has a lot of charm.
 The kind of charm that says "established" and unpretentious.
  My coworker set up the whole affair and had their staff arrange a large table for us.
 While a few of my coworkers were late, they cheerfully filled our water glasses and coffee mugs without rushing us or giving us the impatient looks.
 Granted it wasn't busy, but you all have been there.
After having four cups of coffee, I had the applewood smoked sausage with eggs and hash browns.
 It was quite filling and I only finished about more than half.
 In my opinion the apple sausage was a bit too sweet for my tastes, but was still pretty tasty.
 There was a heaping portion of hash browns which was done right and not swimming in oil.
Service was really good, they really took good care of us.
I seriously doubt I'll venture here again as it's pretty far from where I live and parking is typical Oakland, but if someone invited me, I'd cheerfully meet them there.
Lipstick stains on my coffee cup, potatoes didn't have the sour cream I asked for, an item that was not mine was added to my bill, and the poached egg on my benedict was fully cooked and didn't run at all! That's the whole point of the benedict! All of this and I couldn't even find my server to ask for these things to be fixed until my date was finished with their food.
 Super bummer.
 The only reason I gave a second star was that I've been here before and had a better experience.
 This was pretty disappointing though.
Oakland Grill will definitely satisfy your breakfast needs for brunch.
  Located in downtown Oakland, it serves breakfast all day for those late risers.
I went with the Lox Benedict (smoked salmon) with a side of potatoes and a few strawberry mimosas.
  It was tasty, hearty, and the portion was huge.
 The mimosas was mostly champagne, so don't worry about being skimped.
Overall, it was delicious.
 The only downside is my smoked salmon was topped with warm hollandaise sauce that lightly cooked the salmon (I like mine raw).
 Maybe I should've ordered it on the side next time.
Go with the Benedict, they're most popular dish.
Oakland Grill is my solution to my Jersey diner.
* They serve their menu all day (yes, breakfast anytime), they're pretty much always busy on the weekends, the food is hearty and reasonably priced.
I've been both for weekday lunch and a Sunday brunch and both did not disappoint.
 Lunch was much calmer; we walked right in like we owned the place.
 My chicken and black beans was so large, I failed to clean my plate.
 It was also healthy (yay!), filled with grilled chicken, black beans, fresh salsa, corn tortillas, a side salad and what seemed to be a half avocado.
 It's so nice to be able to order fresh food at a casual eatery like this.
This past weekend's meal wasn't quite so healthy.
 I indulged in the veggie benedict with hollandaise on the side.
 Not the most adventurous order, but definitely a solid one! The perfectly poached eggs topped on an english muffin with grilled tomatoes and avocado.
 My one complaint? I think they could step it up on their english muffin game.
 Change it up maybe? Higher quality muffins? Still wonderful, but it could have used a lil' something.
Most breakfasts come with what seems to be a pound of breakfast potatoes.
 Although the b'fast potatoes are solid, I prefer mine extra crispy (which I'll request for next time), as these were a bit more mushy.
 The fresh fruit slices are such a great touch and this fruit was perfectly ripe!.
Coffee is dece, nothing gourmet and I spied a strawberry mimosa that was going like hot cakes.
 Service is on point with water glasses always filled and quick service.
Overall, a solid neighborhood joint.
 Not sure if I'd wait an hour to grub, but definitely worth a 20 minute wait as the direct 'hood can be a bit sparse for brunching options, especially on a Sunday.
* There are more diners per capita in Jersey than anywhere else in the world! Boo ya! #Themoreyouknow.
Decent neighborhood establishment with all the usual items you'd expect for brunch, whether omelets, scrambles, benedicts, and other egg-heavy dishes; or lunch, such as salads, sandwiches, and burgers.
 Anything you can get here is going to be pretty dependable and well-portioned for the price.
 Service is reasonably friendly too.
 Overall, a perfectly decent experience that might not pack a lot of "wow" punches but is nevertheless dependable.
Stopped in here for breakfast on a Saturday morning and it was pretty packed but they seated us within 5 minutes.
 We ordered the eggs vocal stone which was like an eggs Benedict but with bacon and tomatoes instead of Canadian bacon.
 The hollandaise sauce was amazing and so were the potatoes.
 My fiancé also had a pancake which was super fluffy and the portions were great.
 Would definitely eat here again.
One of my favorite brunch spots! Especially since they serve breakfast ALL DAY!.
Its usually busy but you get seat right away almost all the time! Once you walk in, always get greeted by someone who's working.
I usually order the Eggs Benedict and you always get a choice to have fruits or potatoes on the side.
 They always have the freshest fruits available and if you have a specific fruit you only want, they will be happy to accommodate you.
 I tried the potatoes too and they were equally delicious.
The server always comes  by to fill your water cup without you having to ask.
 They constantly come by to check up on your table.
 Everyone is always extremely friendly.
My favourite brunch spot in Oakland hands down.
 Recommended by my grandma who would frequently come here during her conferences back in the day and whose advice I take to heart.
I'm a creature of habit so I always order the crab cake Benedict.
loved it the first time and every time since.
 Their food is Always bomb and just made with lots love.
The spot is hidden, near a produce area, lots of parking outside.
 It has 2 levels, downstairs with booths or upstairs.
 Excellent cooks behind those grills, and friendly servers.
 A must whilst in Oakland!!.
This place is in such a hidden area (near all the meat packaging/wholesale warehouses).
 I love it regardless though!.
FOOD:.
I got one of the Benedict and can't remember which one but I've never been a fan of crab cake or ham so I asked if I could replace it with a sausage patty and they were able to accommodate me! The one thing I look forward to in eating eggs benedict is the yolk that comes out of it, and for both my visits the yolk came gushing out, YES!.
SERVICE:.
The servers have always been super nice.
 I've never had a bad encounter with any of them.
 Super friendly, and I'm glad they're able to substitute.
PARKING:.
Parking is on the street, & it is meter parking, unless you park like 2 blocks away for 2 hour free parking.
Delicious eggs benedict and $3 mimosas? Yes please!.
Arrived here for the usual Sunday brunch ritual after getting frustrated and not finding any bottomless mimosa spots that served past 2 pm.
 We settled for this spot when we noticed how nicely priced their mimosas were.
 It was of course incredibly busy since it was Sunday brunch hours and but we only waited about 15 minutes for a table.
 Our server was incredibly kind and it being our first time was very information and willingly gave us her recommendations.
My friend went with the burger and I opted for the eggs benedict after eyeing it up at our neighbor's table.
 I'm sure the crab benedict is the more popular option, but oddly enough I'm not the biggest fan of crab.
 Two rounds of mimosas in and our food arrived.
 It looked AMAZING first off, and the taste matched its appearances.
 The eggs were basically orgasmic.
 Perfectly cooked and explosive with all that delicious yolk.
 The potatoes that came on the side were freaking delicious as well! So packed full of different type of herbs, flavors, and you can tell that the cooks had scraped all of the good stuff off of the pan (hey, that's where all the flavor is, right?) to garnish the potatoes.
 I was in heaven, and so incredibly happy by the time the meal was done.
I do wish they had bottomless mimosas and chicken and waffles, but those are just my own selfish desires.
 Other than that, I will certainly return!.
Great everything!  Seriously.
  I had never tried Red Bay Coffee before this- two thumbs up!  Plus it's roasted in Oakland- I love that!.
I first tried the oatmeal and went for sweet- adding bananas, brown sugar and yogurt.
  Delicious!  However, the polenta- oh the polenta!  I get it with caramelized red onions, fresh green onions, sun-dried tomatoes, olive oil and sea salt.
  Filling, nutritious and absolutely delicious.
It was all so good that I had to go back and try their donut happy hour- HOLY COW!!.
Top that all off with a fantastic mission- " job creation and leadership training for girls in Oakland who face significant barriers to employment," this is definitely a favorite spot now.
  I highly recommend it.
Mamacitas Cafe is small, just a serving counter on the left.
 and some lounge seats to the right.
another room has tables for laptopers.
 not sure if it's connected to the Cafe or not.
eats: oats or polenta(grits)  choose polenta (12 oz 6.
95).
-choice of many toppings and seasonings.
-roasted tomatos, zuchinni, sea salt, green onions was my choices.
-delicious! never thought i would like grits.
brew: red bay coffee (3).
-bold, herby taste.
-definitely unique.
drips:.
-parking difficult in this area.
-quick service with smiles.
-menu limited to 2 offerings, maybe more in the morning?.
In a world overrun with Starbucks, Peet's and Keurig machines that you have to decalcify every 2 minutes (you don't know my struggle so you don't feel my hustle!), a good cup of coffee has become a luxury that too many of us don't get too experience often enough.
 But look no further! Sip on without the shame of knowing your joe was sourced by underpaid laborers and upheld by unfair labor practices! Dunk a delicious donut hole in that cup and know that pastry was made with wholehearted love and passion by women who support fair business practices and use their small business to uplift their community!.
I love everything about Mamacita's, and please believe that the coffee, lavender lemonade and yummy donut kebabs are just the beginning.
 The owners, Shana and Renee, grind super hard for theirs and employ and educate young women in high school on the ins and outs of business ownership along the way by offering opportunities to keep kids occupied and focused.
 They serve up Red Bay Coffee, keeping it fresh, local and delicious while giving back to the hood whenever they can.
 I can't praise them enough!.
My fiancée and I first heard word of Mamacitas Café in the East Bay Express over the summer and appreciated their mission.
 Then when looking for a vendor for our post-wedding picnic they came immediately to mind.
 It was easy as pie to get in touch with them and then for a very fair price they served a lovely selection of their amazing donut kebabs to our assembled guests.
They were there on time, supplied all the gear they needed, and ran a well organized operation.
Both the sweet and savory options were a big hit, along with the hot coffee, iced coffee, iced tea, and lemonade.
 I would recommend them to anyone looking for a dessert or coffee vendor.
I sat with a group of 4.
 Everything was tasty and the service was perfect.
 They were more than accommodating for our 8 month son.
We shared a chicken and waffle, which was very tasty.
 The waffle reminds me of a doughnut and the chicken has a perfectly crispy battery.
I had the vegetable hash and everything was cooked just right: nothing soggy or greasy.
 The red chile sauce was a great compliment to the greens.
Long wait.
  That's to be expected though.
Coffee was good.
I had the waffle with fried chicken.
  The waffle was better than average but the chicken wasn't great.
  They use chicken breast, which is indisputably the worst cut of meat on the bird.
  It's a tasteless, fat-less cut.
  There's a reason fried chicken joints serve legs and wings.
This is a mixed review regarding the food and the atmosphere.
  Had the Thursday before Memorial Day off and the choice of Oakland eateries were Mama's  Royal Cafe (a standard on any day of hookie) and Aunt Mary's.
  So I choose to pay Auntie a visit.
Service: On point, coffee DELICIOUS!!!  Whatever the jam was.
YAASS!!!.
The not so great.
 The noise level in this place is deafening.
  It was about 11 am and not crowed, but steady.
  Restaurants of today have zero noise cancellation and given the open space, closeness of the kitchen and lots of wood decor the sound is to the point of painful.
I ordered the Corned Beef Hash with Poached Eggs.
  I know my corned beef and this was a miss.
  Very little meat and a whole lot of deconstructed cabbage and peppers.
  Nothing was together.
  It was like a tiny bit of meat topped with cabbage, onions, some potatoes and the topped with the eggs that were not poached well (running whites).
  Homemade rye bread was excellent.
My last put off was this little note card that explained about the "surcharge".
  Auntie charges a 15% surcharge to help pay for the entire staff.
  You may also leave and additional amount that will go directly to your server.
  And like a good Aunt, she has broken down what the extra 3% or 5% for your server would be.
  You read this coming into the restaurant, you read it again at the table and on your tab.
The cost of doing business is just that.
  Whatever you have to pay to keep your place staffed well should be built into the cost of your meals, not let the patron work on supplementing your payroll.
  What will we see next?  PG&E goes up on gas so there is another surcharge to read about if we want hot food or to see the food on the table?.
So, I will not return to Aunt Mary's, and I will instead go visit Mama's.
like everyone should.
We went here with an open mind, but was disappointed.
 Food and service were WAY below average.
 And what's up with this 15% mandatory tip? I don't buy this argument that since kitchen staff are making min wage then charge customers more to help the kitchen staff.
 Really? If the owner really cares for his employees, why pay them min wage? Give them a raise man.
 Don't ask customers to compensate for your lack of humanity.
 Total BS.
 We will never go back here and will not recommend it to anyone.
Now here are just 2 examples of the shortfalls regarding the food:.
(1) $15 for 2 hard pancakes with fake cherry jam.
 Really? For the sake of comparison: Bette's diner has the BEST pancakes; price for 2 is $6.
75 (same size).
 It comes with butter and syrup (and not attitude).
 Who would pay twice as much money for lower quality food/service?.
(2) my poached eggs where raw yuk.
 It's not very hard to make poached eggs.
 Believe me, just Google it and you'll learn.
I think people who give this place 5 starts should really get out more often.
 Try other breakfast places.
 Any place is better than this (Yes even Denny's).
 The entire experience was way below average.
 The only bright side was my lovely company.
I've had Aunt Mary's bookmarked for sooo long it moved to a new location hahah! (Not far.
only a few blocks down!).
After my experience, I can see why so many people rave about it.
 It's super casual with generous portions.
 Prices are not cheap here, but you are paying for good quality dishes.
 (Kid friendly too - there's toys and books in the waiting area).
Our party of 7 didn't have to wait long early on a Saturday morning (around 9am).
 I put my name down at the front & was told they have a special room upstairs for large parties.
 (I believe your party has to be complete before they will seat you though) We felt like VIPs since we had the whole space to ourselves.
 There was even a bathroom upstairs and couches! KUDOS to our wonderful server to made the endless treks up and down the stairs bringing our food, clearing our plates, refilling our coffee, and checking on us periodically.
I really liked my Southern Bubble and Squeak dish (what a cool name :D) It's basically like gravy, eggs, and mashed potatoes.
simple enough but it was really tasty.
 Another memorable dish in the party was Huevos Benedictos but it was way spicer than it looked.
 Also, I was really impressed with the side of pancake ($1.
75) that came with the Basic Eggs & 2 Sides - so gigantic!.
They were featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives but unfortunately I didn't get to try the Pain Perdue this particular visit.
 Yelp pics look amazing though - can't wait to go back for brunch again to try it!! (Only served during weekend brunch).
This is definitely a neighborhood gem and worth a visit if you are in Oakland!.
Tips: Large parties of 8 or more can call to make reservations before 9am.
 15% auto tip charge on all bills.
 No dinner service.
 No TOGO orders on weekends.
You know when you walk into a place and it just reminds you of a little piece of your past? That happened for me at Aunt Mary's.
 I can't pinpoint what, but walking in on a later afternoon weekday, to a spacious and airy place, a kind hello and people thoroughly enjoying their food, I knew I was in for a treat.
 A little bit country, a little bit Oakland, this diner is serving up comfort food all day, every day.
 No dinner service here, but they make up for it by offering breakfast until their 3pm closing.
I can see this place being a shit show on weekend brunch.
 Be patient.
 If you're like me and can enjoy a leisurely weekday meal, as always I suggest that.
 I went with the chilaquiles asking for the two accompanying eggs poached and an iced tea and got to using their free wifi.
The iced tea was a bucket.
 Straight up the largest mason jar filled with unsweetened iced tea.
 No need for refills, since I mean, there is so much dang liquid.
 Smart.
The chilaquiles.
 Not like the one from your local taqueria.
 Lacking in elbow grease from an abuela, they were still a treat for the senses.
 The fried tortilla chips perfectly soft, yet still had a hint of crisp served a pretty perfect bed for the eggs, pico, black beans and avocado.
 The side tortillas were even a bit of an overkill.
 The hint of heat from the verde salsa really rounded up this dish.
I thoroughly enjoyed my experience.
 15% gratuity is included and divided amongst all staff and you can choose to give more which goes directly to your server.
 I'm ok with that.
 My one small gripe? This isn't a cheap endeavor.
 Lunch was around $18, not the cheapest meal you've ever had.
I'll be back mainly to try more on the menu, especially the hangtown fry-tatta: a frittata with bacon and spinach, topped with fried oysters and fennel slices, drizzled with Rockefeller sauce.
 Yep.
 That's the truth right there.
 I'll be back, for sure.
Their BLT is the best sandwich I have ever eaten, and I am not a sandwich person.
 It's the XL bacon strips and spicy aioli generously spread in between the toasty, buttered sandwich bread with crunchy, fresh lettuce that will make you return for this.
Served with a fresh, green salad NOT overdressed with vinaigrette.
The other must-try is their oyster po-boy.
 It's fried to crispy deliciousness.
 I love their refillable iced tea and my husband loves their lemonade.
Extremely family friendly - They have high chairs and mommas often come here so you're likely to see a breastfeeding mom or two who'll understand if your kiddo has a meltdown.
 Not sure if the bathroom has a changing room.
Call ahead for pick-up if you'd like.
 Tips are automatically included and split among front and back of house staff.
I love this place, I'll be back, and if there's anything bad to be said - it's that the food's so good, it's a popular spot so expect to wait a little to eat, but be rest assured that your taste buds will be excited and you'll remember your meal and be back soon.
I really like the food here.
 The oyster po'boy is especially good.
 Stopped going due to this 15% surcharge business.
 I don't want to feel pressured to leave a tip on top of a forced tip -- which is really what it is, regardless of what they choose to call it.
 Check out the card I found on the table the last time I was there.
 (Sorry, but Yelp does not have a "rotate" function!).
I have always been a good tipper, and very forgiving of problems that are out of the server's control, so it's not the amount that turns me off, rather the principle.
Sad, because the food is good, though it is a little high, and perhaps that's why they couldn't just up the food prices rather than institute the surcharge.
I'm always exploring breakfast and brunch places in Oakland and, given the reviews I had read, I was highly anticipating a great breakfast/brunch here.
 While everything started great, it was just went downhill from there and I walked out very disappointed.
First, the good stuff: It was very busy, but I was still promptly greeted by hostess who handed me the waiting list.
 When she saw I was jus one person, she offered me a seat at the counter.
 Once there, I was promptly attended to by a smiling and friendly server, Sasha, who took coffee order and was patient with me while I decided what I wanted for breakfast.
 My meal, the huevos benedictos, was excellent.
 The sauce, not hollandaise, was very spicy, which is great with me! Up until the time Sasha checked on how I liked my meal, she was five stars all the way.
What went wrong?.
A few minutes after I was seated, a second hostess came up to me and said that there was a waiting list, implying that I "cut" in front of everybody on the waiting list.
 I told her I tried to get on the list, but another hostess offered me the counter.
 She wanted to know who that was and then she walked away and never said another word to me.
 She was very polite and professional, but I found the encounter offensive, partly because she never apologized.
 Also, she should have checked with the other hostesses before confronting with me.
The other issues were minor.
 My server never offered to refill my coffee, I had to ask twice.
 She dropped off my bill with a polite comment and was gone before I could say anything to her - without ever asking me if I wanted anything else, which I did.
Service is as important to me as the food and this was a bad experience, primarily because of the second hostess, not the server.
 Because the food was good, I may try it again someday.
Came here for brunch once with my sister, dad and niece.
Everyone seemed to like their food, including my picky 3-year-old niece.
 I ordered the Grilled Flank Steak Sandwich.
 The flavors were great, but my meat was so tough!!!!! It was so awkward to eat because I couldn't rip off a piece and all of it would just come flying out of the bread.
 If the steak wasn't so hard, this sandwich would've been amazing and would've changed how many stars I'm giving this place.
 I tried my sister's catfish sandwich and it was delicious.
 Should have gotten that.
They have an interesting and unique menu which makes me want to come back and try some more.
After receiving a recommendation of this spot from a co worker, we decided to check it out as we were still looking out for a signature breakfast spot in the East Bay.
  We came here for Sunday brunch and found ourselves only waiting for about  15 minutes for a table.
  We ordered:.
Lemon ricotta cornmeal pancakes.
Side of spicy pork sausage.
Pain perdu.
Sadly, everything was no more than mediocre.
  The sauce that was served with the pancakes was crazy overpowering.
  It would have been better served without.
  The pancakes, alone, tasted great.
The homemade sausage, while I appreciated it, was overcooked and dry.
The whiskey pain perdu fell short.
  After a bite or two, I was over it.
  It looked better than it tasted.
Service also fell short.
  It was difficult to find someone to ask for our check or get a refill on water and coffee.
  3 stars at most.
I have to say im only judging off my food experience here.
 I was with a table of 5 and everyone agreed my food was definitely the worst.
 So.
The bisquits and gravy taste more like bisquit and paste.
 A paste that gives a hint of glue.
No salt added whatsoever.
 I mean NONE.
 Possibly the blandest biscuit and gravy I've ever witnessed.
 So much for being whisked away to my childhood.
Yeah.
 No.
$15 for that atrocity.
I tasted the waffle of my friends.
 On point.
 Chicken was good too.
The fried oysters-doable.
Minus 1 star for having a menu that actually says  "maple flavored syrup" or actual "maple syrup" for $3.
 Yeah.
no.
 Just serve maple syrup.
The service was just ok too.
 I mean I probably wouldnt go back but it's worth a try if your in the area.
Aunt Mary's is a solid place for breakfast and brunch.
  Although their specialty items are a little more expensive, they're pretty good.
  I enjoyed the posole verde.
  Good pancakes too.
  I didn't like the chicken fried steak too much, I thought the meat was a little rubbery, but the chile sauce on top was good.
  Ingredients are fresh and portions are generous.
Amazing food and service.
   I saw this place on Diners and Dives and was sold when they showed how to make Shrimp and Grits.
   After visiting our daughter on Mothers day weekend, we got up early to avoid the breakfast rush.
  They opened at 8:00.
  We were greeted and asked to sit where we wanted.
  This area and restaurant setting reminded us of Portland, Oregon.
  Loved it.
  I of course had to try the Shrimp and Grits, which was amazing.
  We watched other food pass by and everything looked amazing.
  You must try Aunt Mary's!.
I have many happy memories of this place.
 Great appetizers and cocktails.
  They have $1 oysters for happy hour and they are always fresh and delicious.
 They serve a lot of cool condiments with them that are fun to try and are taste tantalizing.
 If you never had raw oysters before, this is a good place to try it first, because they are small and mild.
 I also highly recommend their deviled eggs.
 I am not crazy about their chicken wings.
that is one dish I would not recommend.
They have a large selection of wines and the waiters really know what their stuff in case you need help choosing the right drink for your mood.
 No matter how busy they get I've never had an issue with the wait staff and we always were able to get a seat somehow, though we usually get there early.
Where do I start? I had a detailed review in my head but then realized it was long and would have been a rant, so I will just give pluses and minuses and be brief.
Started out as a nice warm Oakland evening at the beginning of a three day weekend and looking forward to relaxing with great food and cocktails.
 The drinks, yes, they were great: sidecar and petit pomme.
 Nice wine list too.
Started with the roasted cauliflower and baby kale to share.
 The cauliflower was not cooked, and the dish was barely warm.
 Server said it was not intended to be hot.
 We took two bites of raw cauliflower, and she took it away-not going to eat raw cauliflower.
 The sauce was rather bland as well.
 Very disappointing.
Next came our steak and sliders.
 The sliders they got right although the buns were a little dry.
 I could easily overlook this.
 The steak was cooked just right, and the sauce was good, but again the dish came to us barely warm.
 Is this a new thing I just don't know about?  I like my food served hot from pan or grill to plate to table.
Our fries to share never came; we had to ask for them.
 When they did arrive, they were great-perfectly cooked and seasoned, temp was just right, and aioli was better than most.
 Still disappointing since we had already finished our mains.
 Would have been nice to enjoy both at the same time.
 Oh well.
Service was aloof and uneven.
 They had a crowd but not too busy so there was no reason for delayed service.
 If the kitchen is having timing issues, the server just didn't seem concerned.
 I felt like we just had to take what we got with no apologies, just drop the plate at the table and run.
 There are some nice sounding dishes on the menu I would like to try, but I don't think that will happen any time soon.
This is not my place; I will not return.
Pesto pizza, chicken wings, ceviche, wine tasting, cocktails.
 My ladies and I had a great night there sharing dinner and drinks.
Busy lively atmosphere for late 20-30-40 somethings.
I would definitely recommend to others and go back for Friday night happenings.
 The food was great and service was great!.
Whooooooaaaa there Yelp.
 How have I NOT written a review for one of my favorite happy hours in the East Bay? Yeah.
 I genuinely love their happy hour offerings and the food for that is also delish.
 De.
 Lish.
 Umph.
I actually discovered District's amazing happy hour on a pub crawl.
 Yes.
 That have happy hour on Saturdays.
 You're welcome.
 So once you've had brunch, with bottomless mimosas, started to sober up, and don't want to.
come here.
The tables fill up mostly due to reservations.
 #protip.
But, if you can find yourself at the bar, then go for it.
 Minus a star because the service can be (okay, probably will be) slow.
 But, no one is perfect right?.
The menu includes $6 house wine, beers, well drinks, and my favorite the food (see photo for menu).
 $6 for 6 oysters, yes.
 Recommendation: go with the truffle fries.
 They are cooked to order so they are not cold.
 They come seasoned with salt, pepper, and what I believe is Rosemary (listed as herbs and truffle Parmesan aioli), ketchup, and the dipping sauce aforementioned.
It's walkable from 12th street BART and then you can explore old Oakland, head to Jack London Square, or off to the Fox Theatre and Uptown.
 I love it here and definitely recommend it for a stop along the way or a place for drinks.
District isn't a restaurant.
  It's a wine bar with food.
  We failed to know this.
Their menu consists of small plates and pizzas.
  The bf and I ordered six dishes and that was too much.
  Stick to about two dishes per person and you should be good.
  If not, order as you go.
MUST TRY:.
The two standout dishes of the night were the tempura avocado and the sliced hanger steak.
  The tempura avocado had a light and crispy exterior, topped with chili lime salt (which was phenomenal), and served with a roasted jalapeno aioli sauce for dipping.
  The hanger steak was so tender that it melts in your mouth.
  The topping was that it was served with chimichurri sauce.
OTHER FOOD:.
*The raw oysters were medium size and served with a mignonette sauce and fresh horseradish.
  They do have $1 oysters (opposed to $2.
50 each) during happy hour (weekdays 4-6pm).
*The steak tartare was okay.
  The bf wasn't a big fan as it was tangier than other places.
  One of the biggest mistakes with the dish was the egg.
  Unlike most places that serve it with a raw egg on top, District's version cooks their egg.
  My egg was more cooked than in pictures I've seen on Yelp and lacked that yolky gooiness.
*The margherita pizza had a nice thin crust and was perfect for sharing.
  It was topped with tomatoes, mozzarella and basil.
  It was good but it needed more tomatoes or tomato sauce.
Service was nice but staff was often missing so it took a long time getting what we needed.
  There was a bit of a timing issue with food arrival.
  The pace in the beginning was good as we had food in front of us but not to the point of taking up all table room).
  There was so much time between the last couple dishes that food had settled and we were too full.
Depending on the size of your party, make a reservation on Opentable.
  If reservations aren't made, seating is free for all which we lucked out with.
  District has a limited number of reservations because there is a limited amount of seating.
  Though it's a big place, most of the area is taken for bar seating and lounge areas.
WHAT TO KNOW:.
*Full bar.
*Take advantage of their happy hour specials from 4-6pm.
*Street parking or a paid lot across the street.
My friend and I went to district to watch the warriors game last night and had a horrifying experience.
 I asked the bartender to place a order for food and drinks, he rolled his eyes and said I'm kinda busy ( tall large white male).
My friend who I was with (white) went outside after the game as we waited on the bill to take a call from a Ill family member.
 I went outside to let her know that the bill was ready.
 The manager John ran outside in full stride after me and yelled in front of everybody outside you are banned you are banned for skipping out on your bill.
 I explained to him I was getting her to come pay her portion but he continued to yell that I was banned.
 We gave him our cards and proceeded to walk behind him.
 He told the security not to let me in while he charged our cards.
 When he returned he threw bill holder at my friend with our cards in it which fell on the ground.
 As we checked the bill he charged us double and refused to let us back in to discuss it.
 I have never been so disrespected at an establishment in all my life.
One of those rare places that does a number of things well, whether it's serving up weekend brunch, offering daily drinks and dinner, or morphing into a thumpin' hangout on late weekend nights.
No matter what the environment is, the ambience is friendly, casual, diverse, and welcoming in a uniquely Oakland way.
 Brunches here, in particular, are a laid-back way of easing into your weekend day, and there's a wide array of scrumptious offerings to choose from.
 Seems like half of Oakland is here too, all with smiling faces.
Can't go wrong with this place no matter the purpose.
 Highly recommended.
My friend wanted to try this place and I was down to because they had $1 oysters.
  When I entered, I stood their awkwardly trying to find a waiter to seat me.
 I didn't know that you actually seat yourself.
 (Remember this! So you don't awkwardly stand there and wait for someone to come).
 Once we sat down, it took them awhile to come to the table.
 The service here is extremely slow.
 The food service is fine.
 But grabbing the waiter's attention is extremely difficult.
I tried the following:.
Peach Bellini: it was good! But not much for $6.
 I finished it quickly.
 So ordered the next drink.
Grapefruit beer: it was delicious! I wanted to order another one but I was kind of full.
Oysters: they were good.
 They waiter asked if we wanted Tabasco and I said yes but they never brought it out.
Chicken wings: there were 5 wings and they were a lot smaller than I expected.
 It came out on a cute little cast iron skillet.
 The wings were good but I didn't like the sauce it came with.
I would return for the food but only if I have a lot of time because of their service.
 Parking in that area isn't difficult either so that's awesome.
It's really more of a 3.
5 stars since it was slightly  over average.
  We came here for appetizers on a Saturday night and it had a pretty good vibe.
  Great mix of people.
We started with the deviled eggs to wet our appetites.
  Creamy egg with a hint heat from the sriracha.
  Next was the Brussel sprouts which were roasted and blended well with the cider brown butter and almonds.
  We had them hold the pancetta since we were vegetarian.
  Last we had the fontina and spinach arancini which was on a bed of spicy tomato sauce.
  All very good.
I think we will go back and try it for dinner next time.
I've been here twice.
 The first time was lovely, but the second time (last night) was ruined by the female Africa American late 20s, maybe 30ish, bright pink lipstick server who seemed so annoyed by having to get us a couple of drinks.
 All simple questions were answered with a perplexing huffiness.
 I don't think we did anything to set her off, but it was like she hated us the minute we walked in, and there's no place for that in this business.
 Or this world really.
The bartenders were great, and though we had a table we just started going to them directly to avoid her odd wrath.
Another plus - gorgeous art!.
This place was great!.
Le bf, me, and one of our good couple friends stumbled in here after first getting some beers at The Trappist and some nomz at the Swan's Market.
 My bf was on the hunt for some oysters and he saw a sign advertising them here! Sold.
The sign advertised $1 oysters at happy hour which we missed (darnit!), but their normal price was $2.
75.
 My bf and his friend ended up splitting a plate of about 10 oysters with a few beers between them while I got a glass of champagne and split the bread pudding with le other gf.
The food was great! I'm not a huge fan of oysters in general but these were fresh and flavorful.
 The bread pudding wasn't the best I've ever had but was pretty good.
 Was kind of pricey but was also kind of a "scene" type place.
Overall, we really enjoyed posting up and having a few drinks here.
 I would definitely come back here and try more of the food! I think at happy hour (with happy hour prices), this would be a great spot I would actively seek out.
During my first year of working in Oakland, I would, on average, about once a week, take a lunchtime walk from our office at City Center to Jack London Square, usually approaching via Chinatown and Webster Street while returning via Old Town and Washington Street.
 In the latter area, I've been to Pacific Coast Brewing Company a couple of times, I've glanced at the used bookstore, and have made frequent passages through Swan's Market.
 Also noticed have been a handful of somewhat trendy-looking bars, just awaiting for me to make an appearance.
Finally, as it often happens, I wind up at a wonderful new location almost by accident.
 A couple of weeks ago we were supposed to meet at another bar about a half block away.
 For whatever reason, however, that location was not open when it said it would be.
 Its loss and The District's gain.
 Or, more precisely, our gain - we now have a reliable standby to go to after a day of putting up with the powers that be.
 Comfy seats at right angles with room for small plates to share, the environment is just made for socializing - public but not too loud; active but with the ability to move around freely.
 Plus the place has a good selection of brews, hard alcohol, and after work food - I recommend the shrimp pizza with chorizo, with a Raging Bitch to wash it down.
 Even though it's not technically on the menu, our waitress complied with my request of an irish coffee, by improvising with Jamesons, and of course, coffee.
So, a week later, one of the bigwigs at work decided that, for whoever wanted to take him up on the offer, we should do a pubcrawl through Old Oakland.
 It says volumes that this crawl began and ended at The District.
District never disappoints.
 The food and libations are strictly top quality and the staff are very friendly for the most part.
 The only thing on the menu that I've tried and felt "meh" about was the pesto mozzarella pizza.
 It was pretty bland.
I also had the chance to host my birthday festivities at District.
 Everyone in my party was treated promptly and the servers made sure my night was special.
 I didn't even have to reserve a couch, I just showed up early with part of my group.
 The space was a little small for my party (around 23 people) but we made it work and stayed out the way (or tried to).
I booked a table at Bellanico's this week, looking for a restaurant that offered great, authentic Italian food, a great environment and a baby friendly environment.
  They delivered!.
When we arrived they had a table for four adults and a high chair ready for us, a little offset from the rest of the dining room which was much appreciated.
  Right off the bat, our waiter was courteous, knowledgeable and professional.
  He was present when we needed him but not overbearing - just the right balance.
  Most importantly, he was patient with our group taking some time to reach decisions as he was with a 2-year old walking around the table non-stop.
Our food was outright excellent.
  Cooked to perfection, perfectly seasoned and immaculately presented.
  The menu presents a wide array of choices to satisfy wide arrays of preferences, which we needed for our group.
  There are many appetizers to choose from, of which many also cater well to being shared as a group.
  In main courses, there are several pasta and non-pastas to choose from, and they all look delicious!.
As a trained sommelier, I was happy to see that the diversity of the menu was reflected in the wine list.
  It's mostly Italian, and reflects all of the major wine producing areas - not a generic list of 15 different Chiantis.
  We chose the Aglianico del Vulture which was I was happy to find - I think it's the first time I've seen it at a restaurant in California.
  The list also has wines from France and Spain.
I've been looking for restaurant that has all of the above for sometime, and I am happy I found Bellanico's.
  We will be visiting many more times.
Just had a very awkward exchange with the lady behind the bar.
 I'm not sure if it's the way I look or was dressed but every question I had was returned with a confused look.
 Do you accept credit for gift certificates? I thought that was a valid question because some stores only allow debit or cash payment for gift cards.
 Can I use your phone to call my brother to make sure the gift certificate is addressed right? Another perplexed look.
 Then I was handed the receipt where there was a section for tip, I'll chalk this one up to how the system is set up but they may want to exclude a tip section for buying a gift card.
-I did call after and she was much nicer but still a weird encounter.
I live up the street and if I was more impressed with this place, I would go more.
 Yes, the food is really good.
 Portions are very small.
 If My girlfriend and I were to walk out of here with a drink and a full stomach, we wouldn't leave paying less than a $100 and that's probably without tip.
We've had good service here before and the food is tasty.
 Three stars for that.
 Minus two stars for the way I was treated this past time and the small portion size and no beer on tap (I get it, it's a wine place but have at least one beer, this is California).
Been several times.
 Always good.
 Looked at menu at competitor down the street.
 Big ass television for Warrior game.
 No thank you.
 That's what sports bars and living rooms are created to accommodate.
 Italian meals are about good food, conversations, and no cell phones.
 Went back to Bellancio-no reservation, but early for dinner.
 Seated promptly.
 Fried green olives - more addicting than crack.
 Had a Negroni and an Aperol spritz ( my wife) Great wine from Montalcatino.
 Best pork chop ever! Service was perfect.
Almost had a Tony Soprano moment.
 Why do you hipsters and no etiquette knowing men wear your stupid baseball hats indoors and in a dinner house? My wife kept one of you from a good stare-down and punch out from a former Marine having dinner on Memorial Day.
Restaurant Week Review!!!!.
Bellanico has a phenomenal menu, and they have really chosen a tasting menu that shows off the diversity of the dishes they offer.
 I *almost* came back for lunch today, but decided to try a different menu solely for the sake of variety.
 The space is very warm and inviting; it reminded us of being in a small cafe in Europe.
 The servers were really nice, and the owner spent time walking around and making sure everything was going o.
k.
 without being too obtrusive; he obviously cares a lot about his customers' experience.
The menu started out with two small appetizers, both practically bite-size.
 They were a nice start to the menu; they provided a small tasting and good flavor.
Next followed the "primi" course; we chose "tombo tuna" and "braised lamb belly.
" While probably the weakest course on the menu, the proteins in each of these dishes were still really good.
 We were not super happy with the chickpeas in the tuna dish or the red mustard in the lamb belly, but aside from those two items, both dishes were still strong.
The secondi dishes were very strong; we ordered the ono (turned out to be trout) and pork tenderloin.
 The pork tenderloin was the star dish of the night; I would *HIGHLY* recommend ordering it.
 The trout was also pretty good, although probably fishier than the ono would have been.
For desert, you will get a sampling of deserts (unless you are here for lunch, in case you will have to choose).
 The espresso panna cotta and hazelnut cakes were both really, really good; I would have a tough time choosing between them.
 The hazelnut cake came warm from the oven and with homemade ice cream: yum! The cheesecake had a very strong goat aftertaste.
Overall, we were very happy with our decision to try this great little cafe for restaurant week!.
This was my first visit to this cute neighborhood gem.
 I was quite impressed.
 Buzzy warm vibe on a Friday night.
 Smaller restaurant with indoor and outdoor seating (enclosed patio with heaters).
The menu was impressive because it was very unique.
 Not your typical Italian eatery.
 A lot to explore.
 They also offer the option of a fix prix menu or a la cart.
 We opted for a la cart.
We began with the tuna crudo with watermelon radish and grapefruit.
 To accompany this appetizer we got the warm farro with hen of the woods mushrooms, cranberries, and walnuts.
 A fantastic pairing to share with the tuna crudo!.
Next, we shared the pasta with tomatoe sauce and hot peppers.
 A super cool feature that they offer is the option to order dishes as appetizer or entree size! I love this because it gives you a lot of freedom.
 You can order a bunch of dishes and share them rather than just having one entree.
 Fun!.
Then there is the wine list.
 Again, I was impressed.
 Wines offered from many regions.
 We explored some cool Italian whites and reds.
 And once again, they allow you to order half or full glasses.
 And they have a full menu of wine tasting flights.
 Fun, fun, fun!.
Our server was fantastic.
 Fun guy, originally from Mexico, who clearly loves what he does.
 Passionate.
 Attentive.
 Knowledgeable.
 And just fun to talk to.
We ended our meal with the most delicious goat cheese cheescake.
 That was a first.
and boy was it amazing.
 Covered with pistachio toffee crumbles and paired with strawberries.
 I would go back just to order that again.
We will return.
 Bravo.
Finally.
  OMG finally.
  An Italian restaurant I can finally love coming too.
  It's been a long, hard battle to even find a decent meal in the Bay Area, and I found my gem in the most boring part of this area.
  Who would have guessed.
Everything, from start to finish, was stellar.
  Just complex enough to make you feel special, and simple enough where it felt casual.
  Perfect!  The $40 fix price menu is a steal.
  We did that with an additional app, and a main, and the portions were right on.
  The chocolate pot de creme desert.
whoa.
it's like a lava cake.
on par with Angelines chocolate pot de creme and Chez Mama's choco lava cake.
I will be back here again, and again.
  It's simply stellar Italian.
  Yes it's not a hip part of town, yes there are all old people in here, if you drove by you'd think some local dump restaurant that people go to because it's convenient.
  You'd be wrong.
Only miss:  I went to brunch before, and was not impressed.
  At all.
  I was skeptical when the gf said this is her fave place.
  But after dinner, I took back my insults from the brunch.
Three stars because this neighborhood needs one remaining place you can get a decent glass of wine in a cute setting.
  The food is challenging.
  Perhaps if you stick to apps and drinks you'll be alright, but the mains, in my experience, vary from over salted to mushy, to flavorless.
 Good luck.
I have no idea how Bellanico received it's 4 stars.
 I was deceived.
To summarize: great service, cute spot, feels over-crowded, food is not good and I will never come back.
What we ordered:.
Duck Pate - literally slabs of pate on toast.
 Presentation was terrible and the pate taste off.
Pork belly- not what I expected.
 It came on a skewer of chewy pork belly and fingerling potatoes and I liked the potatoes more.
Ribeye - OK steak but nothing special.
 Temperature was correct and came with bone marrow.
Being the snazzy little Yelper I am, I snagged a 6 pm reservation on the last day of Restaurant Week (truth: Mr.
 P knew exactly what would brighten my day and stumbled across an abandoned reservation on Open Table).
 This area can be a little limited in parking, so give yourself some extra time.
Romantic lighting, enclosed patio seating, new silverware between each course.
 this is a very nice date night with all the lovely details without being pretentious.
 Very attentive and kind staff who put up with all my batty questions and gave me great suggestions.
 (For whatever reason I have the hardest time figuring out what is on Italian menus unless it's crystal clear.
 Agnolotti, tortelli, sformato.
 err.
).
I could slowly talk you through bite by bite, but I'm going to just get to the point.
 The bacala was my absolute favorite, and I could probably eat the dark and white panna cotta every day for the rest of my life.
 I think whatever you order here will be a delightful culinary experience.
 Also it doesn't hurt coming here during restaurant week when you can indulge for just $30 per person.
 Such a steal!.
What a wonderful neighborhood restaurant! Bellanico is a local gem that has stellar service to match their scrumptious menu.
We came here on a lazy Sunday with our two young kids.
 They were offering their Oakland Restaurant week brunch menu for $24, to which you can add wine pairing for $10.
Here's what we tried:.
Burrata with roasted baby beets -- they make their own burrata, which works really well with the Grillo white paired with it.
Braised and seared pork belly -- loved the crispy skin and tender meat, specially with the "Merlau" red.
Poached eggs and prosciutto on country bread -- liked this version of Eggs Benedict, paired with a Bordeaux blanc.
Butternut squash and goat cheese frittata -- fluffy and creamy, yet quite filling.
 Paired well with a Loire white blend.
Dark and white chocolate panna cotta -- rich and creamy.
Florentine doughnuts - our kids loved this with the sage custard sauce and chocolate dip.
 Only problem was that there were only 5 small pieces for $8.
Goat cheese cheesecake with pistachio brittle -- my fave dessert, love the savory cheese with the crunchy brittle.
Our brunch also came with complimentary muffins.
 My kids loved these and our server was gracious enough to provide us with another helping! Overall, we highly recommend Bellanico and look forward to coming back!.
Parking: It was a little tough and hard to find street parking.
 Luckily on Sunday we found a few spots and parking was free.
 With my handicapped brother it was also hard to find any parking near the hotel for easier access.
 There were a few loading zone spots out front (handicapped can park there for as long as needed!) So if you have anyone that needs to be closer, that could work.
Wow! So glad I chose this place for my birthday brunch.
 I was able to make reservations a week in advance for a party of 7.
 We got an excellent view of the lake and I really enjoyed the glass windows and interiors.
 They had live jazz music playing as well! Impressive! Their Irish coffee is strong! Be forewarned!!! I needed a nap after.
 I enjoyed the food as well, splitting a classic mushroom omelette and biscuits and gravy with my boyfriend.
 They were able to do a side pancake for me which was nice since that was unlisted on the menu.
 I also tried a bit of the Jack London omelette, which had delicious chunks of crab in it.
All in all its a great place to bring your family and they take reservations.
 Good views, good food and good service.
 Perfect for special occasions or if you want a nice fancier atmosphere for brunch.
We reserved a table for 4 people here on Saturday via opentable.
 However, when we arrived it was clear they didn't want us there.
 Even though we had a reservation, they didn't even ask our names.
 Instead the hostess rudely quipped 'if you want to sit down you'll have to order within 2 minutes, we have an event today.
' We tried to explain we had a reservation and by now a few team members had come over but only to give us a similarly rude message 'if your party isn't here very soon, they can't order'.
 We quickly left.
This could all have been avoided by simply not accepting a reservation that you can't service, and when it happens - be nice about it.
Coming to celebrate a graduation, we came to The Terrace Room for brunch as a big group on a Saturday.
 With the exception of the view, I'd say the place is pretty average.
Part I: The Untrained Waitress.
Although the waitress was nice, she had no clue about the menu, how to properly pour a champagne and the fact that water should be refilled for clients.
 Not only did she overpour the champagne glass, but managed to hold the bottle as if she is pouring vodka after a day at a Russian sauna (holding it with a grasp at the neck).
 Didn't leave the cork on the table either.
 Anyways, she didn't even know that Mumm sparkling wine was on the menu and I had to point her directly to it.
 I mean, it's a brunch restaurant, there are 3 sparkling wines on the menu, does one really need a curriculum to learn them? Unacceptable.
Part II: The Standard Menu.
Moving on, the menu is pretty average and the food was good.
 It wasn't anything to make me brag about this spot to a friend, but it was good.
 I had the Crab eggs Benedict and it was fine.
 Another person at our table had the chorizo omelet and had similar impressions.
Part III: The Shining.
Yes, there is an area where they shine and I am confident they already know it.
 The view from the table is killer, overlooking the lake, it just adds a relaxing feel to the whole establishment.
 Good spot for family pictures.
Conclusion:.
Would I come back? Perhaps, if I ran out of other options to try, but it's an average restaurant with an above average view.
 Had the waitress been better versed in the service industry, I would have given 4 stars for the view and food.
We were here last night again for the Y's yearly Annual Campaign Victory dinner and I was looking forward to the beautiful view, spending time with friends and having a wonderful meal.
  I can say that I had all three but there were some rude glitches along the way.
  Dinner wasn't served until around 6:45 or 7 so we had a chance to have something to drink at the bar and chat with our friends.
I used my yelp check-in and noticed that I could get $3 off any happy hour food or drinks so I showed the bartender my yelp check-in.
  She indicated that if I was part of the Y event, that I could not use my happy hour check-in; however, I was paying for my alcoholic drink and it was not part of the banquet we were attending as other patrons were in the bar.
  That didn't seem fair to me.
  However, I was able to get my discount for my drink.
  Then later during the dinner, one of my friends at our table, asked for some ketchup and the waiter rudely indicated that ketchup was not part of the banquet menu, what????.
Then when the delicious dessert was being served, the waiter was asking us who wanted coffee, another friend asked for his cup to be filled but he only had his cup filled 1/4?  I asked the same waiter for some coffee and mine was full.
  This is the same waiter who refused to give another friend at our table ketchup.
I didn't know the wait staff was so rude.
  I have never had a bad experience with the wait staff here at The Terrace Room.
Going here transports me back to a by-gone era.
 It's so easy sitting in this place to imagine how it was in the 20s.
 It's especially nice when the sun is out and you get that nice view of the lake.
 They have live music a lot, which obviously aligns with that historical period.
 All this adds up to a really unique, fun and relaxing ambiance.
They have pretty awesome drink specials when the do have happy hour.
 If you ask me, they need to extend their happy hours a bit, as the place is never mobbed or anything.
 It probably won't ever be a very trendy place as it IS inside a retirement home ;-) It's actually pretty neat on swing nights seeing the 20 somethings who are into swing cause it's cool again mix with the folks that dug it when it was cool originally.
Although this place shares a building with a senior living center, it doesn't smell like old people.
 Lol! They have a lounge area before entering the restaurant part with a piano which was dope.
 Esp since there was someone there playing.
The view of the lake is really what you're paying for here.
 Our waitress, Brittany, was very professional and friendly.
 She was upbeat and prompt with anything we needed.
 Loved how our champagne was never empty for too long.
 $17 for bottomless mimosas and bloody marys.
 The + about this place is you can switch off between the two.
 And they had a bloody mary bar for you to have fun with.
The food was a little disappointing.
 The brunch menu was a bit limited and the quality of the food was below what it's worth.
 However, they had a cute basket of mini muffins that were tasty and moist which was different from other brunch places.
All in all it was good to try this place out.
 I wouldn't mind coming here again but it would be for the view.
 While the food wasn't horrible, there's nothing exciting about it either.
- Overpriced food that wasn't prepared well and hardly met an "ok" standard.
- Bad service and waiting time.
- No parking.
- Possible food poising/horrible gas.
This was a second dinner option selection due to a nearby restaurant that was closed for a private party.
 Unfortunately we made the wrong choice and ate here.
Yes it has an amazing view of Lake Merritt, but other than that this place doesn't have anything going to for them.
The menu is small, I ordered the soup of the day which was mushroom creme, it was just okay.
 Nothing special and was somewhat separated.
 For an entree I ordered roasted chicken that came with some kind of rice and scallions ($25) with a side of there potatoes ($6).
 When the dish came it looked awful to begin with and was swimming in a pool of oil.
 The roasted chicken was a pale skin color all over and had a lot of gristle.
 Not to mention is was two dark meat pieces (legs) the cheapest part of chicken meat.
 The potatoes where whole but needed some sort of sauce that was absent.
 The grains on the dish had a nice flavor but the greens and chicken were so overpowered by oil that it was difficult to enjoy any of this dish at all.
The servers were friendly but it was unclear who our actual server was and we seemed to be seen mostly by the host who was busy seating.
 It was not until the end of our meal that anyone checked in about how the experience was or if we need refills on drinks or water.
Now, about an hour later our group has all ended up in the bathroom and.
 How do I say this nicely.
 But our stomachs are in a lot of pain and it's a good thing we like each other because there's some serious gas and bathroom time happening.
This is the place for a girl's brunch.
 First of all the lighting is amazing so all those selfies you're pretending you're not planning on taking will look INCREDIBLE.
 The brunch options are diverse and doesn't have to kill your budget.
 The food is a bit hit or miss, though.
 My first time here I got the breakfast bagel sandwich and it was utter bliss, and everyone in my group (we were a party of 9) were served speedily and everyone was happy.
 The next time I came, almost every person had a problem with their order (the wrong sides were brought out, goat cheese was missing from a goat cheese omelet).
 I'll be back again because this is a lovely place on lovely Lake Merritt, and I'll update this review to see if that day was a fluke or if it's a consistent thing.
Regards, I'll be back because the service is great and the view is honestly worth it alone.
As I predicted in my initial review, we didn't rush back here.
  We returned for dinner and music tonight w/ Nina and Larry.
  We found parking a few blocks away and arrived in time for our 6:30 reservations.
  It was still light out and we had a lovely view of the lake.
  One of the things that encouraged our return, beside the music, was knowing that Louis Le Gassic, formerly chef at Bay Wolf, had been appointed as their new Executive Chef.
  We were excited to try the food.
  The group, Juke Joint, started performing at 7:00 on the bandstand I had observed the last time we were there for brunch.
We were brought menus and a plate of sliced bread w/ a ramekin of soft butter.
  Nina, Larry and I all decided to have glasses of Malbec while Alan opted for a glass of Downtown Brown, which Larry shared.
  I ordered a cup of turnip and apple soup w/ a float of truffle oil on top.
  Alan, Nina and I ordered rack of lamb, which came w/ white beans and garlic green beans and Larry ordered salmon.
  Alan and I ordered a side of honey braised carrots.
  The soup was smooth and tasty.
  The lamb was cooked medium rare and was topped w/ a tasty salsa verde, which was almost like chimichurri.
  Very nice.
  The carrots were good, as were the white and green beans.
  The wine was tasty.
  For dessert Nina and I shared an Irish coffee crème brulée, which was tasty.
  Alan had a fresh fruit plate.
  He and Larry had coffee.
  Service was smooth and just attentive enough.
The music was marvelous.
  Several couples got up to dance, which was fun to watch.
  One in particular was sensational.
  We really enjoyed it and would have stayed even longer than we did, but the band took a break and Larry was ready to go so we left.
  According to the Terrace Room website they have live music Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights and Sundays at 11:00 for brunch.
  They have quite an impressive lineup of folks scheduled to play and I can see us returning to hear more music w/ another enjoyable meal.
Super delicious! My friend lives across the street and neither one of us had been here.
 I had just finished the Nike Women's Half in SF so I rightfully needed to consume all the calories.
We lucked out and scored a table immediately by the window.
 Score.
 I love a view.
I fueled up with a cup of coffee ($4 - minus a star because I cannot understand why a cup of coffee is $4) and a water.
 My friend ordered two eyes, with wheat toast, and mini waffles.
 I had the Jack London omelet (crab, arugula, hollandaise, and I had egg whites) with wheat toast, and home fries.
 Mouth.
 Watering.
 I loved the little fruit garnish and was close to licking the plate before Jack came to take it away.
Jack was my server.
 Nice, hipster looking fellow who was attentive, funny, and prompt.
So four stars! I'll be back with for sure.
just won't be getting $4 coffee.
Terribly rude, we walked in with a reservation.
 As soon as we walked in we were rudely asked to wait with no explanation, the hostess didnt even ask our name or if we had a reservation.
When we explained our reservation, she chirped back that we'd have two minutes to order.
Then the chef and another hostess came out to add to their rudeness and certainly NOT make us feel welcome.
 We turned around and walked out.
 Never coming again.
So I don't normally write yelp reviews, but I had a uniquely awful experience at the Terrace Room last night (Wednesday 4/20).
 I'll start from the beginning:.
I was walking around Lake Merritt around 6pm and heard some amazing live music coming from this gorgeous glass room across the street.
 Naturally, I had to check it out.
 I find myself in the Terrace Room, which is incredibly beautiful.
 I decide to sit at the bar because I was not in the mood for a formal dinner.
 It was pretty busy but the bartender got to me in record time and whipped up a mean Old Fashioned (the classic old fashioned way with a sugar cube and muddler) and convinced me to order the nachos.
 If this review was about the nachos alone, they'd be getting 5 stars.
 I wish I'd had the foresight to snap a pic to post because they were a work of art.
 The brisket was so tender and the cheese was definitely drool-inducing.
 So let's just say I was in heaven.
Then, this tiny rude server starts complaining to her that she opened a bottle of wine for him that she shouldn't have.
 (I really was not trying to pay attention but he was making a spectacle).
 She immediately apologized, and gave him an unopened bottle and got back to making drinks for the large group of women at the bar.
 Then, for whatever reason, he continued to harp on and on about the opened bottle of wine, which was very rude and unprofessional.
 I was just trying to watch the bands on stage, but instead was so rudely distracted by this one-man show.
 I don't know how the bartender kept her cool, I woulda lost it.
 I also happened to make awkward eye contact with several other people sitting at the bar, sharing looks of discomfort/annoyance with the server's display, so I know I'm not just unusually observant.
Thought he was done but oh no he comes back barking his orders at her.
 What really got me was that when she'd rush to make the drinks, they'd then sit there for at least TEN minutes getting diluted/warm/shitty.
 Honestly, I felt really bad for that woman.
 just another example of men feeling the need to verbally abuse and dominate a young and talented girl.
 I made it known to her that I respected and admired her hard work, and she just smiled and shrugged, as if it was no big deal.
All in all I came to enjoy the music and food/drinks, but this tiny little man just kept ruining the ambience and experience.
 It is beyond me how a manager and restaurant allows for such inappropriate behavior, let alone allow it to disrupt the experience of a patron.
 The drinks were great and the music wonderful, but it pains me too much to see that behavior, so I will not be coming back.
Bottomless bloody Mary's and/or mimosas, what could be better?.
Started off with a bloody Mary and told the waitress I would be switching to mimosas afterwards.
 She forgot, no big so I had two bloody Mary's and then switched.
I was going to get the chicken and waffles, but the waitress informed me that it was two wings and not breast as I had hoped so instead got the two egg breakfast with bacon and sausage.
 They didn't skimp on the meat which was awesome and the English muffin was nicely toasted.
They started us off with mini muffins and fresh jam that were a very nice touch.
We sat by the window which provides an amazing view of the lake, overall great experience.
Located in the same building in, or at least next door to, a senior living facility, the Terrace Room offers a gorgeous view of Lake Merritt from the west, which means that most of the time you won't be blinded by the sun like you would from the other side of the lake.
The food offerings include all the usual dishes you'd expect of a mainstream Californian restaurant, with the dishes sticking more towards the familiar instead of the inventive.
 Moreover, given the generally average quality of the dishes, the prices seem just a bit steep.
Overall, the atmosphere here is rather quiet and sedate.
 Adding to this is the fact that, lake view aside, the place feels like a country cottage.
 Your best bet would probably be brunch, when you can enjoy a sunny view of the lake, and when other folks dining at the restaurant are also in sunny dispositions.
They have TRIVIA every other monday night at 7:30!!! It's really fun.
 The hosts are cool, the food is good, the drinks are fun (but kind of expensive).
 The parking is easy then because its late on a monday.
 I parked right against the lake, literally in front of the building.
 If you're looking for a place in Oakland to play trivia - you've found it.
 The questions range from anything about pop culture, history, oakland themed, etc.
 It's hard, but not too hard.
 6 people to a team.
 The prizes are gift certificates to the Terrace room.
 I had a blast when I went with my friends.
 I'll definitely be going back!.
Note: The entrace to the terrace room is through the hotel entrance.
 ((I had trouble finding it the first time I went there)).
Ok, first of all, one of the bartenders are not very nice.
 Service is slow, and I'm not sure if it was the colour of my skin, or just lack of skill, but I didn't feel very welcomed.
 The girl, Molly was nice, and I appreciated her interaction.
 Also, it literally took 40 minutes on a not so busy night to get a grilled cheese sandwich (which I had tipped before getting it).
 I was so offended and turned off of my interaction, and the way the bar tender treated my fiend and I, I did not eat my food.
I also love how the bartender commented "you know no body cares" while I wrote this review, and yes this comment was directed at me.
 HE WAS SO RUDE ! Won't recommend a place that doesn't care about their customers, just saying!.
very nice bartender.
 not the most crowded on a friday night but it was kind of nice not having to shove your way through everywhere.
 seems like more of a started bar?.
someone said that they have amazing whiskey sours in their review.
 i was excited but disappointed that they served their whiskey sours in the -not with egg white- fashion.
 nevertheless, it was still well made.
 but again, just thought the drinks were reasonably priced and jsut good.
Meet my favorite cocktail bar in Oakland! I last ended up here after being booted out of Fauna.
 Oh, Fauna, when will you do something about your absurdly early last call times? We decided to head down the street and continue the festivities for my birthday.
After getting a nice happy birthday wish from the doorman, we headed inside to grab some drinks.
 The cocktails here were, as usual, amazingly tasty and reasonably priced ($9 - $12).
 If memory serves me correct, I stuck with my favorites: Bee's Knees and Stones Throw.
 Hooray for ginger beer! And, hooray for cool bartenders too!.
It was just after midnight on a Wednesday night, so the place wasn't too crowded.
 Our group was able to secure a table, relax, and enjoy the rest of the night.
Tip: This place is conveniently located nearby the 19th St Oakland BART station.
Bonus Birthday Tip: There's a food stand about a block away with bacon-wrapped hot dogs! As if that wasn't enough, the woman running the stand is absolutely hilarious!.
Dogwood is a solid bar in a happening stretch of town, right near the Fox Theatre where Telegraph branches off Broadway towards the north.
 There's a good variety of tasty cocktails to choose from, and the bartenders are knowledgeable and and friendly enough to make anything you want.
 What's more, there's a decent menu of munchies, like the totally delicious cubanito sandwich I tried.
 While the interior might feel a bit dark as you walk in, you'll adjust quickly to the cozy yet retro-sleek ambience.
Also, you have to give the owners credit for sticking it out here over the years.
 Dogwood is located on such a busy street corner that drunk drivers have crashed into it twice, while rioters have also smashed the windows twice.
 Nevertheless, the area is on the way up and  the owners have bounced back each time.
 Judging by the healthy crowds this place gets, it looks like the community has embraced Dogwood as well.
Came here before a show at the Fox Theater to grab a few drinks.
The bees knees was sweet and yummy.
 It's dangerous because it really doesn't taste like alcohol at all.
 The 2nd cocktail I had (and the name I completely forgot) was described by the bartender as an adult version of an orange julius, and she was spot on.
 It was refreshing and the egg whites made it super rich and frothy.
 I tried a sip of what the bf drank (stones throw and farmer's daughter) and they were all good!.
Of course, we had to try the grilled cheese.
 And the reviews aren't kidding when they say it's BOMB DOT COM.
 Perfect to munch on with your drinks!! Buttery, cheesy goodness.
It wasn't busy when we went so we were able to find seats and service was quick and friendly.
I'll be back!.
$5 for a delicious, buttery, perfectly pressed grilled cheese.
 The option to add sundried tomato, basil, and mushrooms.
 Little cornichons on the side.
 Mustard (the good stuff, mind you, none of that French's yellow) provided without asking.
 Dogwood literally served me my dream sandwich on a plate.
 If that isn't culinary inception, I don't know what is.
As for cocktails, they are creative, tasty, and strong.
 I love the Brooklyn, and the Bees Knees is, well, the BEES KNEES.
 It's true you may have to wait - Dogwood can be packed late at night, and usually have just one bartender during happy hours/early evening.
 I hate waiting, but if I had to wait, there's nowhere I'd rather hang around than a converted apothecary/pharmacy where the smell of grilled cheese permeates every corner.
I think the bar is ok.
  I've been here many times so obviously it is good enough to come back to.
  The reason for the two stars is that I've just experienced way better.
  When I think about Dogwood, I think about a place that is just like any 'ol Mission hipster bar in the City but trying to not be that way because it is very "Oakland and proud" but, nonetheless, is just like a Mission hipster bar in the city.
  The well drinks are watered down but the cocktails are good (and overpriced, just like any Mission hipster bar).
 Except therein lies the problem, this is Oakland, not the City, so the bar would be better just being Oakland.
I have found the bartenders to range from being very friendly to ratchet.
 who would have thought?  Also, any bartender that doesn't know what is in a Cape Cod should not be working as a bartender (IMHO).
I'm a fan of the grilled cheese and cheese/meat plates which I do like and appreciate.
  I'm sure I'll be back to this bar at some point but this isn't really a place I care to go to on the regular.
This place is ok if you don't mind paying those "new Oakland" prices and rub shoulders with the sf crowd, ooops, I mean new Oakland crowd that has taken over Downtown Oakland.
Service used to be pretty good but is now pretty bad, don't think I'll be returning anytime soon.
Drinks were decent, a little slow on service.
  A bit pricey.
Would have given a better review if they had not doubled the tip i originally gave them.
  Be careful with using your credit card here.
Had a nice, low-key evening at Dogwood on a Monday night!.
I came out to Oakland from SF to meet a friend, and loved that this place was a block away from the 19th St Oakland BART station.
I ordered a grilled cheese with tomato and basil, and it was absolutely delicious!  I also enjoyed my ginger beer cocktail, as well as a glass of wine.
The service was very friendly, though we did have to go up to the bar to place our orders.
The place wasn't too loud or busy on a Monday night, which made it a great atmosphere for catching up with an old friend.
The prices are reasonable too!.
I have visited this place many times, but I can't find myself to give a review.
 I feel the place is too pretentious, pricy, and unfriendly bartender.
 The only redeeming quality of the place is the grilled cheese.
 Not to mention very cramp.
I have since changed my mind.
 I like the expansion and the food window.
 More room, feel more friendly, and It feel more accepting.
 Though, I was a bit tipsy because it was birthday.
 I may have to check back again to give another try.
What I had: the bees knees, various grilled cheese sandwiches, pickled veggies.
Visit date: January 13, 2015.
First time? Yes.
Twas a fun evening at Dogwood.
 I had the bees knees - it was a decent drink, sweet and sour.
 What really stood out were the snacks! We had two kinds of grilled cheese.
 One had tomato jam and the other had tomato and basil.
 Both were excellent.
 The bread had a crisp outside and soft inside.
 The cheese was gooey and warm.
 I have a special place in my tummy for tomato jam and Dogwood's was an A+.
 The dijon dipping sauce added a nice touch, too.
 So did the pickles.
There are plenty of seats around and open space to stand around or dance.
 Order your food at the bar and they'll bring it out to you.
Another venue that endearingly screams "Oakland.
" This a long, narrow joint that somehow manages to pack in lots of people at the bar and in seated areas along the wall, all while featuring a dance stage in the back.
 The setting feels old-school, almost Art Deco-ish.
The crowd is casual, friendly, and unpretentious, as is to be expected of Oakland, and there's a large menu of yummy cocktails.
 Despite the fact that it can get busy on weekends, waits at the bar are never too long, and you can fit yourself in, whether with groups large or small.
've been to Three Fifty-Five twice in the last few years, and I enjoyed both visits.
The bar is a narrow space off of 19th Street.
 There's a proper bar, followed by some tables and a dance floor in back.
The drink menu is good - and cheap! My wife and I both enjoyed two cocktails each on our most recent visit, and the price tag was around $8 or $9.
Service was friendly and efficient, which is welcome given that crowds start streaming in after nine.
I'd be back if I were looking for a more intimate bar in downtown Oakland (until it gets a little rowdier in the later hours).
You know, considering how Bar Three Fifty Five wasn't even our intended destination, I'd say our experience here was a pleasant surprise.
  Not that I ever thought the place would be bad.
  Not when, moments after checking in on Yelp, fellow Yelper Vi T.
 commented, "good choice".
  Talk about a stamp of approval!.
People have described the place as a nicer type of dive, and I guess I can kind of see that.
  However, I'd say it's more like an old school bar (think Tosca Cafe in SF), what with its aged charm and decor (yelp.
com/biz_photos/bar-…).
  There's still a bit of an Oakland vibe in the air though, and the small stage in back makes them pretty different in comparison, but that bar!  Love the look of it, as well as their slate of alcohol that fills their shelves and drinks.
The cocktail menu is short and sweet (yelp.
com/biz_photos/bar-…), and not very expensive at $8 a pop (no wonder they're so beloved!).
  Everything sounded great, but, on my friend's recommendation, I opted for the STARDUST REMEDY (Pimm's, Calvados, Ginger, Lime, and Falernum).
  The name may sound child friendly, but this cocktail is definitely mature.
  Balanced flavors with a decent pour, refreshing with some bite, and well-crafted by a bartender/mixologist that knows her stuff (yelp.
com/biz_photos/bar-…).
Since we arrived relatively early, snagging a table for the six of us was relatively easy, as was parking around the corner.
  However, don't be surprised if the place gets packed to the gills as the night goes on.
  As we were leaving, a steady stream of folks were filing in (it's just two blocks over from The Fox Theater).
  Either way, Bar Three Fifty Five is worth a visit.
and one of my new favorite bars in Oakland!.
Great cocktails.
 Dark and intimate venue.
good for a date spot if you're into it.
 The crowd is hit or miss.
 Younger professional crowd around happy hour, older 30s to 40s crowd later in the night.
OMGGGGG the red hair bartender is the rudest person ever I have never been treated like THATTT!!!!!!!she was the RUDEST person ever!!!!!! I just asked for a tequila drink and just repplied with if u want I can make u a paloma as only option efortless cuz was 1 am.
 I agreed she came with a poorly made "paloma" my peers tryed and said tasfted rotted as I thpughtttttt cuz was goss.
 Gave it back telling her something was wrong I wanted a last word and OMG she started saying bad words and throw it in my face complaining.
 Came back with a poorly made, of course.
 "Last word" OMG WiTH ICE IN THE DRINKKKKKKKKK when this drink was served UP!!#!#!!!!! I work in the industry and I WOULDVE FIRED HER ASS IN THE SPOT.
 Im a current customer and your are going to see my face often and return drinks if they are bad.
 I dont know how you can call youself bartender.
 Its not about knowledge or skills (missing on you, higly noticeable) you also need peolpe skills.
My food was burned and waaaaaay too over priced for what it is, sorry I hate to leave bad comments, but this is the third time in a row I have terrible.
food.
I'm very surprised that I have not written a review for 355.
 I was here last night and it had been, possibly, a year and a half since I was last here.
 Had a written a review of this, I probably would have given this place three stars.
The reason being, I never really cared too much for this place.
 Every time I would come here in the past, it was because other people wanted to go here.
 I just always thought they were trying WAY too hard with their cocktails and never wanted to come in here on my own accord.
Yesterday, the lovely Lorrayne suggested meeting here for drinks.
 I was for it and since it had been so long since I was last here, I decided to give it another chance.
 To my surprise, the menu changed.
 It actually made sense and didn't give me a headache trying to look through it.
 I tried their 19th Street Manhattan.
 It was good.
 After that, I had to try their Gin & Housemade Tonic.
 I love gin and I love gin & tonics.
 Theirs was so good, I had three of them.
 Lorrayne ordered a Dark & Stormy, which is also another one of my favorite drinks.
 She let me have a taste.
 It was very delicious.
 It seems like they top theirs off with egg white and Lorrayne also informed me that they also make their ginger beer in house.
So I must give thanks to Lorrayne for actually making me interested in Bar 355.
 I'll be back here, even if it's on my own.
There are definitely hipsters here but not the annoying ones that think listening to their grandparents songs on a gramophone is cool.
This place is the definition of great vibes! I love this place!.
Make Westing brings out a diverse and social crowd.
 The music is low but still vibrant, which creates a great setting to mingle without screaming.
 Feel free to get into an intense and fun game of bocce ball! Even standing around and watching is entertaining.
 My friends and I meet and network with many amazing people all the time! Everyone is very friendly and outgoing.
Our go to drink is the FRENCH MUSE, a must have! It looks all cute and innocent, but it is slightly dangerous! 1 will have you in a chillin' mood, 2 tipsyyy, and 3 LIT!! You will feel like you have been drinking all night, which is pretty much drink goals! My limit is usually 3, I don't dare go past! I always have a great time here! Each element of Make Westing creates the perfect ambiance!.
This is definitely the spot to go for after work drinks, pre-games, or weekend hangouts! One of my favorite places in Oakland by far!.
Hipster bar alert.
Not that that's necessarily a bad thing.
 For the most part, it has a comfortable, inviting environment.
 The indoor bocce ball courts are a nice touch, but be prepared to wait a while until one opens up.
 By the same token, don't take too long when you get a court!.
I took off a star because an employee was super rude to me for no particular reason.
 He was clearing glasses from the bocce court area and was walking back toward the bar.
 I was inadvertently blocking his pathway, but instead of asking me politely to step to the side, he said in a sarcastic, annoyed tone, "It would help if you moved.
" Typically, that's not how you would want to treat your customers, but hey, they didn't ask me.
Been here a few times for drinks with friends.
 Cool hipster place in downtown Oakland, slow on Mondays and usually very busy Thursday-Saturday.
They make really good gimlets and mojitos.
 The bartenders are friendly.
 They have appetizers as well but I cannot rate them on that since I just go there for drinks, however the habanero popcorn looked really yummy the last time I was there.
Very chill place to mingle with the locals in the area, definitely a place you can wear tennis shoes or heels.
 Recommend this place to anyone looking to go to watch the games or hang out with friends.
Braised oxtail sando!!!!!.
I was able to sample there Braised oxtail sandwich and let me say I will be back for more, not oily, not fatty, near perfection on a toasted bun.
 The sandwich on a whole was a tad small, especially if you are sharing, but the meat was tender and flavorful, not to salty, more or less all around perfect on meat to bun proportion.
I also sampled the bone marrow dish, no skimming on this dish, full heavy amount of bone marrow on the bone, like most places that offer this dish you are scraping the bone to get every last bit, here the marrow was heavy, oily, thick consistency, throw it on some toasted bread that is offered and it is delicious, you can dip the bread in the sauce found underneath the bone, ohh man sooo good,.
I do recommend this place for the food, I did sample few beers, I would stay for there food that they offer.
food **** oxtail sandwich is a plus, bone marrow also a plus.
service **** no wait, walked up to the bar and ordered, received the food in 5 min.
price $$.
ambiance **** large venue, bochi ball not regulated size but folks compete here, allot of room to stretch your legs, better to go on a week night to avoid several crowds during the friday and saturday crowds.
I will be back for more oxtail and bone marrow.
Love Make Westing.
 Located in what is now Uptown Oakland.
 Make Westing is serving up quality hand crafted cocktails from some of the most friendly bartenders.
 What I enjoy most at Make Westing is the cheese selection.
 Cow , Sheep or goat.
 I always go for the cow and each time I fall in love.
 Make Westing is serving Brie at its peak temp and they got it right.
Outdoor seating with views of the hustle and bustle of the city.
 Old school tavern feel inside.
 Indoor Bocce.
 clean restrooms and comfortable seating.
 Make Westing is definitely key for Oakland Nightlife.
I've had each of their house cocoktails and they are amazing.
I've visited this bar twice and both times I felt extremely uncomfortable and out of place.
After finding a seat at the bar, I was ignored by all three bartenders for atleast 15 minutes.
 Eventually, I enthusiastically waved one of the bartenders down to get his attention.
 When he finally acknowledged me, he seemed annoyed or bothered that I wanted to BUY a drink.
This bar seems to cater to a very specific crowd, which baffles me in the ever so diverse Bay Area of CA.
I never understand how customer service can be so bad and/or exclusive especially when they don't realize that they are offending patrons that are spending their money in these establishments.
I likely will never return to this place as long as it is the Make Westing.
Interesting!.
This place has a special place in my heart.
 It is where I first met my husband and where he later proposed.
I still haven't been able to persuade anyone to play bocce ball with me.
 :(.
Here are the perks.
 If you're usually a designated driver this place is still a lot of fun.
 There is bocce and spicy popcorn to be had.
  There are friendly bartenders who don't stank face you for not consuming alcohol.
 They are bright enough to realize they can sell or give you something non alcoholic and that they can sell even more drinks to your pals who are imbibing.
  They know the score!!! :).
After the office Christmas party I and a small handful of my coworkers still wanted to be out and about, so we made our way from The Lake Chalet over to Make Westing.
 We somehow managed to grab a table with seats for all five of us in the incredibly packed place, and after perusing the menu of house cocktails I decided on a Garden Gimlet (gin, cucumber, basil, and lime).
I'm not a big drinker and have always had a hard time finding cocktails I like, but the Garden Gimlet was really refreshing and light.
 Definitely recommend.
The bocce court was in full swing, the music was really good, and everyone seemed in good spirits.
 It was loud but we could still have a conversation, and in general the atmosphere was really positive.
 This is a cool place whether you're coming as a group or a couple, and I'd definitely like to come here again.
This is one of the least approachable bars on Telegraph.
 I've eaten the food here, and ended up bloody from bones which were not removed from the meat.
 I've also enjoyed myself here many times after work in previous years when it was comfortable, it's when they bring in the bouncers on weekend nights that you are asking to be treated poorly.
 I would AVOID this bar until they hire more appropriate staff.
 I would always love to support local business, but this place is not safe.
You'll notice the reviews are dropping on this place because its going down hill fast.
 I would give it zero stars if I could after my recent visit.
You never know who you'll see at this bar!.
A group of friends met up here before the Allen Stone concert at The Fox Theatre, and low and behold, the man himself is hanging out at the bar with friends.
 Super cool.
It's a typical laid back, casual, hipster bar.
 Good prices, lots of space, and and nice bartenders.
 I'd come back here before a show next time, too!.
The last three times I've been in Radio bar they've had this human body mutilation video on which is kind of disturbing, but you can ignore it by keeping your gaze ahead toward the bar.
 What you can't ignore is the crazy loud music when it's cranked.
 The latter is the only thing about this bar that I don't like, probably because I prefer to be able to hear what people are saying without having to scream WHAT? repeatedly only to give up and nod politely.
Drinks are cheap and the bar is dark.
 Stools are comfortable, and occasionally there are patrons inside who compliment your teeth!.
perhaps other than the fact that it seems to attract a lot of.
If you don't like Radio then you are likely:.
a) a pretentious prick from the 'burbs or SF.
b) a hipster douche canoe who got lost on their way to Make Westing (much respect for MW bartenders, their evening crowd just sucks).
c) a whiny waste of space on this planet.
d) not friends with me, thank god.
Zhiva, Melissa, Marni and the rest of the Radio crew are some of the nicest, most real people you will meet in downtown.
 If they don't like you, you are probably a jerk with attitude and they are hoping you leave so the rest of us don't have to deal with your dumb-shit vibe.
That said, drinks are always strong and always delicious.
 Music is constantly changing so don't complain if you don't like it.
 If you don't like dark red-lit places, you should move along.
If you can let your hair down with a bunch of nice people and don't want to get ripped off while you drink, this is your bar.
Cool Divey spot.
 Very chill vibe.
 Not sure where they got the Asian decor inspiration from, but the red lights do set a decent tone.
 Bartenders were nice, service was good.
Definitely one of the nastiest bathrooms I've seen in my Day! Hah Kudos for that! Cheers!.
Meh.
It's a cool place to hang out, have drinks and listen to the DJ spin, but the bathrooms are hideous and the place is kind of small.
 Dancing is out of the question.
 The drinks are good and the people seems cool.
 It's just ok in my opinion.
Although I was the only person of Asian descent in the crowd here when I showed up, Radio appears to pay homage to its location near Chinatown by offering an intimate atmosphere that's not only lit dimly by lights in large red paper lanterns, but also punctuated by screens playing kung fu movies.
The atmosphere seems to be both loungey and dive bar-ish at the same time, while the overall vibe is friendly, approachable, and intimate.
 I'll make a point of coming back and trying out some more of their drinks.
My friends and I were checking around Oakland for a good nightlife.
 Being as its not the city we stumbled across Radio.
 We went on a Friday night and the moment we got in we fell in love with the vibe and music.
 Even though its small (since its a dive bar)  they have a good selection of alcohol.
If you're looking for drinks accompanied with good hip hop and the bay area hyphy vibe this is the place to go.
The place is tiny and cute- a little tight with the crowd it brings in but the atmosphere is loud and exciting.
 The music bumps loudly and the bartenders are lively.
 I was here via route bar hopping on Halloween night.
 I really enjoyed the extra lighting and accent of the lanterns on the ceiling.
The walls are lined with mirrors (which is a great idea for a small place), the bar expands most of the room, there is no dance floor but of course, no dance floor is no excuse not to shake your hips.
 If you're lucky, you can find tables and seats in the back corner.
This is someplace I would def come back to check out on a night that isn't Halloween.
 Fun!!.
This is a dark and divey bar with a pretty laid-back vibe.
 It's narrow and sort of hard to move around much.
 The bartender was cool and suggested a great cocktail for me when she found she didn't have all the ingredients for a Corpse Reviver #2.
 My biggest complaint was the ladies room.
 It was very tiny, not very clean, and the toilet was clogged.
 I hope I would find it in better condition on my next visit.
Damn so I really loved this bar.
  I was going a couple times a week (more like every day around 4 after work).
 Will not be returning unfortunately.
  I have been there at times and had an awesome experience with different bar tenders.
  The long haired dude who drives a sick bike! Amazing and sooper nice.
  This past 3 or 4 times I have always gotten service from a little ass hole of a chick.
  First she's a jerk, 2nd,never smiles, and third she just has an unkind persona.
  Like she doesn't want you there.
I go back at different times in hopes that she is NOT there but she is.
On several occasions she has not only been rude to me but my girlfriend as well.
  Instances of refusing water because she's closing her register, or telling me to ask some one else in the most Dickish way.
Damn lady thanks to YOU you lost a loyal customer.
  MAKE THAT TWO.
I used to always catch a last drink here before hopping on BART, so of them many times, a one drink stint is all I've really lingered for.
  And to tell ya the troof, that is all I can really muster in here.
First, the place is thin and narrow, but long.
  If you aren't lucky enough to get a seat at the bar (which is probable), then you have to plaster your back against the long wall.
  And the space between the back of the stools and your face, is literally about 3 feet.
  And in that 3 foot space is where the rest of the schleps will have to walk, back and forth in order to get to the rest rooms.
And to add to the insult, if it is a warm night, say 70's-80's, it will be 10-20 degrees warmer inside because I'm not sure if they have AC.
  When the place fills up, all that body heat just compounds the problem.
  I don't know how the bartenders are able to work in that heat.
  Like clothes sticking to your skin.
heat.
  Like, let's get outa here after this drink.
heat.
But outside of a few major logistical issues, this place is a dive in true form.
  Decent cheap drinks, great music (must be from a shuffler cuz I didn't notice a juke) usually throwbacks of some sort.
  Diverse crowd and quintessential dive bar lighting (red district red).
  A drink here will evoke memories of intimate meetings of elaborate schemes of a devious nature.
  But that's just me watching way too many Tarantino flicks.
  Now if it can bring me there, then it can't be all bad, now can it?.
*throws in extra star*.
I want start this off by complimenting the bar itself I have always liked the environment and have felt invited to come in , I live in the area so I'm around the bar often.
 I'm writing this review based on how I was treated twice upon trying to enter the bar.
 I'm 22 with a baby face so u get carded (no problem with that) , I don't like how I was treated by one of the female staff who was completely rude and disrespectful to me because I don't look my age after I gave multiple forms of ID ,credit cards I  even showed a medical record and birth certificate  I should have never have had to go that far.
 After being turned away by the woman my second time trying to enter the bar the same woman told me that she would only serve me if the bar next door would serve me , so I literally went there and I was served without hesitation after being carded she walked into the bar and asked the bartender if he was going to serve me he replied yes.
 Then she se said to me ok well I'm still not serving you ,your not worth it your not worth me losing my job at the bar so drink here.
 I told her that I didn't want to go there and asked her why she was treating me that way and she replied because u look too young I don't care what your I'd says.
I wish I had the name of the woman who was rude but unfortunately  I don't I feel the way she handled everything was wrong especially to turn a customer away to somewhere else just to come inside of that place where you do not work just  to turn them away is unprofessional and tacky.
OTHER THAN THIS INCIDENT ID SAY FIVE STAR TO THE BAR AND IT'S CREATED  ENVIRONMENT.
Coolish dive bar, but ultimately just a dive bar with some very red lighting.
  I look at the entrace to this bar every day, since I can see it from my work, but this was my first venture inside.
The bartender was interesting and chatty, and the beer selection was OK.
  The very red lighting I didn't care much for, but I guess that's its shtick.
 Ultimtely though, to me, it's just another bar.
  I'm not sure it'd be my first choice for after work - I might go to the Tribune instead which has a better beer selection, and food.
5 stars for the drinks.
 They are strong and CHEAP.
 $4 for a gin and tonic.
 That's cheaper than a beer at most places!.
I went on a Friday night and the music was an interesting mix of early 2000's R&B  and some stuffs that I had never heard before.
 It was sort of hit or miss.
 It would start off with Shaggy "Wasn't Me" then would abruptly change to some tribal beat type deal.
 Maybe I'm ignorant to good music or not cultured.
 Maybe cultured people enjoy the music more.
 All I know is I'm most happy when old school Nelly is playing uninterrupted for the entire night but maybe that's just me.
Plea to the manager: PLEASE stop letting people in when the place is saturated.
 The bar is tiny.
 By 11 pm it was nearly impossible to move yet I noticed the bouncer letting more and more people in.
 We ended up leaving because it was so crowded and hot and not worth it :/.
Still, I give the place the 4 stars because I like the laidback vibe, the cheap drinks, and the hip hop/R&B jams.
A hipsterish establishment that's super, super dark.
 So dark, in fact, that you'd half expect to see the Milky Way galaxy hovering overhead as if you were on a middle school stargazing trek somewhere super remote.
But instead of worrying about zombies popping out of the forest like you did on those dark stargazing treks, you'll have to deal with, well, hipsters and other more borderline types, who for all you know could indeed be walking zombies after a drink or a joint or two.
 The dim red lighting doesn't accentuate people's best features, and you never know if people are staring at you just because they're also having a hard time seeing, or if they really really are creepy.
I appreciate that there are divey places like this in Oakland, but I also appreciate that there are many other places in Oakland to choose from that are more happening and more my style.
I dig it here.
 Cheap happy hour from 4-9pm, they have Manhattan (my kinda drink), Martini, Lemon drop and Margarita all for $5.
 It's really dark when you first walk in but your eyes will adjust eventually and all you see is the red lighting.
 There are pool tables all the way in the back but it's also where the smokers are which I'm not a fan of cigarette smoke so I stay away from there.
 DJ plays music after 10 or something like that and there's a small dancefloor so it gets packed around that time.
 Bartenders and security were pretty friendly.
 I don't like that the bathroom only has one stall and can get pretty nasty but hey, it's to be expected at any bars right! It's a good spot to go to after work to decompress or meet up with friends for a good night and parking is always easy to find.
Hey, Bartender chick socializing with her friends with her back to me.
 (For over 10 mins).
You suck and you're not as cool as you think.
 You saw us and went about hooking your friends up with free drinks.
 You should be fired.
As for the bar, loved the dingy vibe with the added hip hop.
 Usually, dives like this play metal which is what I'm used to.
Too bad they didn't know who I was.
We didn't make it into the annual Autumn Lights Festival and were waiting in line in the cold with 1,000+ people.
 We left and took a stroll on Lake Merrit and decided to continue the night in a better fashion.
 We weren't sure what to expect and I didn't brush up on my Yelp reviews of this place, however, didn't think it was too bad of an idea.
We walked in and the place is completely dark.
 You can literally piss or barf in the corner somewhere of at the bar, and no one would even notice it.
 The light bulbs were all red tinted, which made the whole place blood red.
 It's def.
 appropriate for it's name.
and for Halloween.
There was no music that night, unfortunately, because drinking and dancing is always a great pair.
 The drinks were cheap, the bartender was friendly, and clientele was "freakish".
 Maybe it was just the lighting.
 The place is small in size, not sure where the dance floor would have taken place if there was a DJ playing that night.
We grabbed drinks and headed to a closed off back side where pool and chain smoking took place.
 The crowd was decent, mostly groups of friends hanging out.
 However, the tables were mostly covered in grossness and the seats weren't too clean either, but it's a dive bar- that's how they get the label right?.
I can see this place as a good stop on a night of bar hopping, maybe to pre-game and have smokes indoors, but definitely not a place to just hang out at all night.
Horrible.
 Requested fun  dance music for the ladies completely crowded AROUND the deserted dance floor.
 The DJ  took a full 15 MIN to transition to dance party tunes that filled the dance floor for half an hour.
  Everyone was so happy! Then the dirge of indulgent "ni**a ni**a blessed pu*sy" - you can't make this up, music that cleared the floor.
 When asked WTF I was told there was a 'formula' to get people to the bar.
 Horrible club.
 Terrible drinks.
 If you want to dance, look elsewhere.
 The DJ is faaaaaaaar too into himself to keep the peeps happy to dance :(.
Creepers creeping in a way too smokey room, and I'm a smoker.
 Good music and good drinks though.
Great "dive bar"! Wouldn't have known about this place if I wasn't brought here.
 No sign on the outside so you wouldn't think to come in.
  So dark inside.
 There is a smoking lounge (did we go back in time??) But you can stay clear of that and just hang by the bar and the front area, no detection of any smoke so no problem! Drinks are affordable.
 Music is a throwback, but overall a good place to start/end the night!.
