This has slowly become my favorite bar near work, not because service is great, (there are often not enough bartenders for the crowd size, but they are always friendly), or because of the ambience (which is a mix of fun, eclectic, and the 90s version of hip), or because it is easy to get to when you are downtown, but because they found a way for me to enjoy grapefruit, one of my least favorite food items (it is just above jello, but below thousand year old duck eggs). Their salty dogs and greyhounds are the best you can get. I've debated with friends whether or not they adulterate the freshly squeezed grapefruit with some kind of addictive delicious drug. I'm leaning toward not, but with how craveable they are, I'm not totally convinced. Maybe they inject the grapefruits before they squeeze them in front of you?Seriously, though. If you've never been impressed with grapefruit mixed drinks, come here and order a salty dog. Even if you are a beer drinker.
(Old review reposted from 8/1/2015 to merge profiles)This weekend I came to visit from LA and my friends and I decided to catch up over a drink or two at van kleef. I had never been there before but yesterday was definitely the last time. The bouncer RAY was a nightmare. He was rude as we walked in. Then at around 130 he walks to the back yelling "everybody shut the fuck up and finish your drinks so you can leave!".. Now I can see if he had given 5 warnings ahead of time or something- but that was the first. But either way, that's no way to talk to a paying customer. The female bartender was rude as well but Ray definitely took the cake with his over zealous, power tripping behavior. Screen the people you hire!!
I came here on a Friday night and I loved the happy, laid-back energy and the live jazz music here!The Greyhound is by far their most popular drink so that's what we got, and it tasted super refreshing (not necessarily what you'd associate with alcohol) because they add a lot of freshly squeezed grapefruit juice in there.The music really added to the ambiance and experience at this bar. We were lucky enough to snag seats on the couches inside, under the stage. Most people just chill and listen to the music, since there isn't enough room to dance.The entrance and hallway to the entrance is very narrow and squished though, and the floor there was super sticky because people kept spilling their drinks while squeezing past others. However, the service is pretty good and they keep the tables and seats clean.
Dark and cluttered and oh-so-entertaining. What a delightful bar. I think this goes without saying when you see the giant vice being used to squeeze all the grapefruits, but you must get a Greyhound. I would have never called myself a greyhound fan in the past, but after trying theirs I now know why: FRESHLY SQUEEZED juice makes all the difference.
It's all about the greyhound! Generous wedge of ruby red grapefruit served with it. $1 off during happy hour brings it to $6. Decor is eclectic and colorful. Popular nights and shows require a cover. Live music covers soul and jazz. Only one restroom. Plan accordingly! Not cash only. Plentiful seating on weeknights.
A must visit for anyone who goes out to the bars in Oakland and for the best greyhound anywhere. Although my favorite part about here is the decor. From stuffed big game and weird art, it has a new Orleans style jazz club decor (or at least what I'd imagine they look like) the walls and ceiling here never get boring to stare at
Great bar to relax and chit chat. It reminds me of something you'd find in SF's mission, little small and a little tight but if you score one of the tables in the back you're set. Not suggested for large groups but if you're the type to sometimes run out of things to say like on a date, it's a good place since you can always talk about the random oddities line the wall. They play alternative rock, I didn't recognize any of the songs so only stayed long enough to have a few beers (ok tap) and try their signature greyhound. Vodka and freshly squeezed grapefruit. There's some pulp to it and it's probably the best greyhound I've had. Worthy stop for a pub crawl to try their greyhound.
I love Cafe Van Kleef! I have so many good memories here. If I ever hear that one of my friends has never had a greyhound before, I take them here.  And whenever I order a greyhound at another establishment, I feel like I'm cheating on CVK. Please forgive me.Of course the number one thing to order is the greyhound. They're made with freshly squeezed grapefruit juice. Yum! I usually get mine with gin, but vodka is good as well. I don't discriminate. If you like salty things like me, get the salty dog! It's my personal fav and constantly crave it when I'm home.I love the look of this bar too. It looks like an organized episode of Hoarders. So many interesting things to look at! One con (or pro depending on the night) is it's so small. It easily gets crowded. They also have a cover charge on First Fridays, so I don't even bother.
Peter VK must be rolling in his grave. The Van Kleef of before is no longer. Now filled with tech-bros, playing top 40 dance music, and no sign of a live band, or cool eccentric Oaklanders of before. This used to be my favorite spot, but it changed seemingly overnight. Not for me.
Great spot for a variety of reasons: - Awesome greyhounds with fresh squeezed grapefruit juice...must find out where they source their grapefruits because these are not your average ones. They are SO delicious! The wedge they give you with the drink is amazing!- Cheap drinks- So eclecticThe not-so-greats:- There is only 1 bathroom in the bar...for both men and women. This means there is always a line that is like 10 people long for the bathroom!!- The layout of the bar is really funky. It definitely adds to the vibe, but it's hard to be here with a group unless you get one of the 4 tables. Overall, a must see when in Oakland. If you're looking for a cool spot to show out-of-towners, this is one of them!
Love this place! Awesome decorations and the overall ambience is great. When you walk in, you're greeted by the smell of citrus, rather than stale beer! The bar is filled with large bowls of freshly cut grapefruit for their famous GREYHOUNDS! Usually not a big fan of the drink, but this bar makes them fresh and delicious and very strong! Must try!
Kitschy, quirky, and a total show stopper with the decor! I always find something new to look at - from the silly signs and the vintage memorabilia to the taxidermies critters. Their hand-squeeze grapefruit grey hounds are delicious! I highly recommend this spot if you want to impress an out-of-towner. They also give a discount if you are attending a show at the Fox Theater next door.
This is a mandatory stop on any night out on Telegraph. Unless you don't like grapefruit. And who doesn't like fresh squeeze grapefruit based drinks? It's loud so if the bartender looks your way, just lift up the number of fingers correlating with the number you want (AND can carry through the crowded gauntlet that is the narrow passage to the back) without dropping the slice of grapefruit balanced on top. Good luck. It's worth it. We usually get two or three minimum before moving on our two before a show at the Fox Theater.
Like some people have said, the ambiance and drinks are great (although the Greyhound was overhyped), prices are fine, bartenders are fine, etc. The security however is so bad I wonder how any of them are still employed. We were given a ten minute warning before closing, and finished up our drinks. However, unlike every other bar I've ever been to what the bouncer meant by "ten minutes" was not "finish your drinks and clear out" but "if you are not gone in ten minutes I will yell at you over and over like a deranged lunatic until you leave".This is not an exaggeration. The time between him announcing they were closed and us having all our stuff packed to leave couldn't have been more than a minute. It was so strange I didn't even realize he was talking to us until I looked up to wonder why he was yelling.We spent $60 and the crazy bastard wouldn't even let my friend use the bathroom before leaving.There's nothing wrong with this place in general, but I highly recommend to management that they check who was working the door on the evening of 3/23/2016 and fire them, because I can't imagine there are a lack of qualified applicants to the position who can are able to resist screaming at customers for no reason.
Cluttered yes, weird things to look at yes (I am not talking about the people), drinks hell yesThey have several options to tickle your fancy, sampled a cold brew on tap, a greyhound and some sort of lemon shot. There was no cover, place was crowded both at the bar and in the back, looking around it is allot to take in, there is a rabbit with horns, look for it before you get inebriated, again allot to take in wise for things to see at this bar, when bar crawling be sure to hit up this bar and check out the wall of alcohol mixed with oddities nailed or propped up on the wallsdrinks ****price no cover on thursday niteservice ****ambiance **** odd design but makes you keep flipping your head to take it all in
As everyone is sure to mention, the greyounds here will blow your brains! Cafe Van Kleef is known for them for a reason, what with their freshly squeezed, pulpy-sweet grapefruit juice and generous helping of vodka. (If you want a salted rim, ask for a Salty Dog!) These things are dangerous and got me tipsy much quicker than I would've thought. Be warned or indulge in the fact if you're taking a walk on the wild side for the night.What I wasn't expecting was how eclectic this deceivingly dingy looking dive bar would be, with their skeletons dressed as mariachi, samurai helmets, mirrors reflecting a reclining Jesus statue from the front, and Haunted Mansion-esque collection of chandeliers. It truly is a one of a kind venue. However, the place is kind of narrow and small, especially for the amount of people it serves at a time.Service at the bar was iffy as it was busy and the lack of eye contact from bartenders made getting their attention a pain. But once the greyhound was in my hand it was all smooth sailing.SOME MISC TIPS:1) They have live music on a small stage at the back2) Only one unisex bathroom = massive lines for those breaking the seal, but props for it being well maintained3) Probably come here for the beginning of your night for a slow build up to getting sloshed as it's not well built for mingling/dance with little available seating 4) Really cool crowd of people, free of pretentious snobbery when you accidentally nudge them in that narrow bar space5) Tons of bars in this area to continue the party to if you're so inclined!
Let's get this out of the way: I'm sorry all other bars, Cafe Van Kleef has the best greyhounds of all time!There's a reason my friends call this place "that bar with the greyhounds".  Once you try one of these cocktails with freshly-squeezed grapefruit juice you'll forget there's anything else on the menu.  For those of you not in the know a greyhound is basically just grapefruit juice and vodka,  But Cafe Van Kleef takes this a step further and uses only fresh squeezed grapefruit (with the pulp!!) that elevates this simple cocktail.  The pulp makes a huge difference because it helps mask the vodka (which they are superrrr generous with).  The bartender warned us that these creep up on you, and two glasses later he was not wrong!The bar itself is pretty indescribable, but I'm gonna go ahead and try to paint a mental picture.  It's basically packed floor to ceiling with the weirdest things: my favorites were a samurai helmet and a bust covered in lipstick marks.  The bar is narrow and at the end is a small stage that features live music.  We were lucky enough to go a night that was packed with 90's r&amp;b, there's no better background music for drinks in Oakland than Bobby Brown.My only complaint is that it was super packed.  To be fair it was a Friday night, but there was not much room and certainly no room to sit.  All that being said the service was super quick and friendly and the random people we bumped into were always nice, so there was only good vibes all around!So, if you're in Oakland and you need some tasty drinks and good music for a fun night, Cafe Van Kleef is a good start.  The best thing is it's smack dab in a hub of bars so it makes a great addition to a night of bar hopping.  And if you ever see me I'll take a greyhound as thanks for the suggestion! (4.5/5)
My favorite bar in Oakland, so far. I'll count it down: 10. A hop, skip and a hiccup away from BART. Since parking is unbearable in the downtown streets of the O, this is kind of a big deal. 9. The age of the crowd is pleasantly varied. 21-25? Yep. 35-40? Yep. 45-50. Yep. 8. The crowd is NICE. From the folks tending bar down to the folks in the bathroom line, there's no nastiness. 7. No annoying tech sector. 6. No one from wine.com. 5. Plenty of places to sit-- all night. No "Reserved" signs on any tables. 4. The dee-jays mostly play that New Jack Swing y'all want to hear. 3. The bathroom is shared by both sexes, but clean and the line moves fast. 2. You don't have to yell to have a conversation with the person sitting next to you. 1. Best greyhound in the bay, hands down! Believe the hype. This is a drink you need to have!
Absolutely the best greyhounds I have EVER had, and this is my favorite cocktail. It's fresh and delicious, with a deceptively perfect combination of juice and vodka. I upgraded to Ketel One and it was worth it.
This is such a cool bar. It's not very big, but long and narrow. As you walk past the bar seating area, there are some tables and a stage at the very end. I guess they have live music, which is great! They didn't have anything scheduled when I was there, but I was able to find a table to sit at and just talk to my friends. I remember it being very crowded near the entrance/bar area, so I was surprised I managed to find a seat in the corner next to a creepy statue. The ambience, very creepy decor with taxidermy animals and weird statues. It's not bad though, I just was experiencing a severe case of the uncanny valley while sitting next to a statue bust talking to my friend. I had to literally turn the thing away from my because I felt like it was staring at me. The bar is in a cool area where you can go bar hopping, and when things close you can step outside for some falafel. Night made. I recommend this place to people who enjoy quirky and creepy ambience and live music!
I love greyhounds and theirs are pretty much as good as it gets. That's all the reason I need to go back.
Get your week's worth of vitamin C.I was sad the last time I went to find they'd taken a lot of the bric-a-brac down off the walls, but I trust it was only to make room for new and different bric-a-brac.  (I like to imagine there's a huge unmarked warehouse somewhere in Oakland, looking like the last scene from Raiders of the Lost Ark, whence Van Kleef's artifacts originate and whither they return.)
Oh my... Try the Salty Dog and you'll be coming back for more. Great place if you want to exchange body fluids with strangers. Lots of fun.
5 million starts for the truly outstanding fresh squeezed delicious perfect Greyhounds with giant grapefruit wedges. 2 stars for tiny tiny facility, but just cause I'm grumpy like that. Seriously unmissable for the citrus cocktail set. ...maybe don't bother going if you don't like Greyhounds. :D
I personally don't care for this place too much...I don't hate it though! it's such such a visually stimulating place that I always finding new things to look at inside. The greyhounds made here are supposed to be fantastic..but i don't like grapefruit juice. But all my friends love them! But I love bringing out of towners here to experience the ambiance and drinks.
Came here last night after a great show at the Fox. There was a group of four of us - me and three friends from out of town. I was excited to share the Van Kleef grayhound deliciousness with them.We walked up to the bouncer just as another, larger group came from the opposite direction. The bouncer told me that there was a second bouncer that could check our IDs closer to the door, on the patio, so that he could check the other group's.Just then, this second bouncer came out to the front. We were standing there with our IDs out for him. He walked up and shook his head and said, "Only 2 more people can come in. We're at capacity."I look at my friends and look back at him. "We have four people. Can some of us hang on the patio?" (There was plenty of space on the patio) He responds and tells us, that the other group getting their IDs checked is coming in and that we can't (there was 6 in the other group). Then, he says, that they showed up first.I politely tell him that we showed up first, at which he point he gets in my face and yells, "My man in front decides who matters and doesn't matter. You can't come in! You don't matter!"Wow.Embarrassed, I took my friends to Dogwood where we enjoyed the rest of the night. I won't be back to Cafe Von Kleef.
I really like Cafe Van Kleef! It's one on my favorite places to kick the night off in Oakland. It's right by the BART and the crowd is eclectic and super chill. Like everyone else is saying, the quirky decorations make the ambience super interesting. I discover something new on the walls each time I'm there. Make sure you get their greyhound! (vodka + fresh grapefruit juice) They serve it with a huge piece of grapefruit, so as far as cocktails go, this one is pretty healthy. (Right? Right??) Two cons: - There's only one bathroom for the entire place. So on a weekend night, prepare to wait in line for at least 10 - 15 minutes to get your turn to pee. (Not cool man, there's only so much alcohol a bladder can handle.)- They allow people to smoke right outside the front door, so you have to walk through a cloud of cigarette smoke to enter and exit the bar. Sometime you can even smell it when you are at the bar. Not a fan of that!
Greyhounds are sweet (albeit nervous) little pups. Cafe Van Kleef does not serve up the canines, but the tasty cocktail version, complete with freshly squeezed pink grapefruit juice. These lovelies are potent, yet highly drinkable. I had had a bad experience with gin, but my friend is an avid gin-guzzler, so I joined him in downing several greyhounds and a couple of gin and tonics each. Pretty ambitious for a Tuesday night, but I did manage to catch BART back home by midnight. The decor inside is eclectic, kind of yard sale chic, with lots of strange knick knacks to stare at and admire. It's dark inside, but not eerily so. Very relaxing vibes. I felt safe and comfortable, although very hot from all of the alcohol I was chugging. Some genuinely sweet strangers sat down at our table and joined us: I can only remember a girl named Luigi and her boyfriend, Nathan. Awesome drinking buddies, good conversationalists. The staff were all kindly gentleman and drinks were served with a smile. I really, really dig this place, and will be returning many, many times. But okay, no more boozing for the rest of the week (even though I'm sure I got at least a hint of Vitamin C out of all that citrus).
How have I never been here before? I'll be honest, I had heard the name but never really known where Cafe Van Kleef was located. Parking was relatively easy on a Monday evening and there were lots of seats available. My friend told me they get pretty packed on the weekends and that made sense. I was feeling kind of sick so I ordered a hot toddy and a few greyhounds. When you walk into this place you feel like you've entered a scene from Indiana Jones. There are "decorations" everywhere with what I can only describe as a worldly theme. African Rhinos, samurai helmets, Eiffel towers, you name it and it's on the wall or tucked into some corner. The greyhounds. That all anybody talks about when it comes to this place. Theyre good. Really good. They have pitchers of fresh squeezed grapefruit juice on the counters that they use to make their drinks. They also rest a quarter of a grapefruit on your glass. To squeeze or not to squeeze, that is the question. Pro tip, drink a little of your drink before you squeeze the grapefruit into your drink and plunk that thing in there. Overflow alert! Since I'm a noobie I spilled way too much of my drink on the table. I'm a big fan.Only drawback for me is that there is a smoking area right out front and the smoke filters into the bar and for an ex smoker like me, it is a little much. Also the fruit flies are annoying. But I'm definitely coming back! Cool spot, cool drinks, cool vibe.
RIP Peter the legend. GREYHOUNDS FOR ALL! One of the best bars in Oakland. Ambience, bartenders, crowd. Only negative is that there is literally one bathroom.
Lovingly called Cafe Van Queef by its most loyal patrons, this establishment has eclectic tastes and a mean Greyhound. Although rather intimidating by the looks of them, the guy guarding its gates are sweet as can be. Greyhounds come with a side of fresh grapefruit as "garnish". Most weekends and some weekdays there's live music on their small stage. The music I've found is usually hit or miss but you're bound to have a great time either way. There's a smoking area as well just outside the bar as well.
A legendary Uptown Oakland Establishment. I've known about it for as long as it's been around. But only ever ventured in recently. I love the funky, friendly, welcoming atmosphere. The cool mix of all people. The staff who work there are amazingly low-key and don't have the "hipper than you" attitude i've been feeling around Oakland joints lately. Places like this are beginning to fade away in Oakland. I hope with the owner's passing, this precious jewel in the Oakland bar scene doesn't fade away any time too soon. VIVA LA CAFE VAN KLEEF!
What I love about Van Kleef's is how it is so inconspicuous from the outside. The facade is very simple and the entrance is small. You wouldn't expect it to be the size that it is on the inside.I've thrown a few small get-togethers here with friends and have had a really good time. The interior decor is definitely a conversation starter and the selection of drinks is impressive. This place is known for their greyhounds (grapefruit, vodka cocktail) so make sure you order one if you want to get the full experience. Most of my friends that come here for drinks are locals or burners (Burning Man ppl). It's generally a friendly crowd and I people usually end up talking to eachother at the bar even if they didn't arrive together.
I feel bad giving this place a 3 star review. It deserves a 3.5. Yet a part of me can't do it. Its not because the drinks or decor sucks. Its the fact that everything is freaking sticky and you can't move. If it was bigger I would actually have a better time, but instead I'm at the bar and letting people rub up on me to get around me. You take what you get and thats what you get at this place. That greyhound thou lol
Terrible yuppie bar with mediocre drinks. Come here if you wanna chill with "bros" and "techies" who have no social skills.
I'm not a regular here but its down the street from my usual bars and they do have really good greyhounds/salty dogs - freshly squeezed grapefruits!!!  ( they do not strain the pulp so be warned! ) I called my alcohol but the bartender still used vodka out of some nondescript glass bottle.  ugh.  Still $7 wasn't bad. I'll skip describing the decor since many here already have. I like it here but i am not a fan of second hand smoke so I normally pass on this place too bad though because its funkiness is right up my alley. They do charge usually on weekends but i tend to go when its not packed (early). If you are visiting Oakland this place is a MUST.
It's small and narrow with a stage inside where there was a live band. I liked the heads, swords, and satanic decorations. I was told they are known for their greyhound drink (grapefruit and vodka) where the grapefruit is freshly squeezed. I happened to get a bartender that made my greyhound really strong and I was served right away. You can tell it was gwtting prtty busy and they stopped putting a garnish on the cups, but it was good.Overall, I'd come here again to start the night. A lot of interesting people.
This bar is awesome ... Delicious Greyhound with freshly squeezed grapefruit  and HUGE slice of garnishing . ... Must try .
Greyhounds are amazing! Taste Good and Get the Job Done.Alot of crazy things around you so as you get drunker, the crazier they seem.Nice small, chill spot.Definitely coming back.
Nothing but Yuppies &amp; Techies in this place. Sad because it's a cool looking spot. Not sure why everyone is so impressed by the Grey Hounds  (just vodka &amp; grapefruit juice) when Oakland has so many craft cocktail &amp; beer options.
This spot is a little hidden, I've gone to Dogwood how many times and never noticed this spot?!It's a great after work spot. Came here on a Thursday night &amp; tried the Greyhound (grapefruit &amp; gin cocktail.)  It was refreshingly ok, but then I'm a bourbon guy so I'm partial.Not sure how to describe the theme, it's virtually a lot of random decor (like 1950s phone and other random cool pieces. Fun place, hopefully the next time I come there will be a band playing on the stage!
Fun place so many things to "try" to look and focus on while drinking and buzzed! It's a fun challenge! Came and saw everyone ordering their greyhound. I guess that's what they're known for.... "Excellent"
OMG. Come here all the time but tonight I was swept off my feet by the crew and the vibe. This is my Thursday ritual and will continue to be until I get priced out. Connie is my homegirl. Come check it out!
Greyhounds are amazing, fresh squeezed in front of you. Good for friends. Comfortable bar with character.
Cafe Van Kleef is one of the coolest bars in Oakland.  I only wish I had known about it sooner.  They specialize in Greyhounds with a huge wedge of grapefruit on the side.  It's just one of those places that excites your senses because there is so much going on - on the walls, at the bar, and all around.  Highly recommend checking it out if you are in the area.
This place is pretty dope since I enjoy a spot that places new wave tracks. The service is super friendly, which is a plus and they have a great happy hour special. This will definitely be a new favorite kick it spot!
It's all been said... best greyhounds in the world.
If I could I would give 0 stars.  Stepped 1 foot outside the bar with a beer in hand and was chased out of the bar with no warning.  Had to sign for my credit card at the entrance.  I understand and respect the no drinking outside of the space but a warning would have sufficed.  Needed to leave friends inside.
Only live music venue that has great jazz and blues! Like the Dave Rocha band!Well priced drinks!
Everyone likes this place. It was OK, but it's not really my scene.
Best bar in Oakland !!! Grey hounds are the best hands down and the beautiful bartender that works monday Tuesday and Thursday's big shout out to my Jesse Ray Jim Bob Roy Lee!!! He is the best!!!
I could spend all my time at CVK. Like, if I was a trust fund kid, I'd be their regular drunk. Just hanging off the bar clutching a greyhound. All day, every day.$7 will bring you to greyhound heaven. Even if you don't like greyhounds, you need to order them here. I'm telling you like a boss bitch. It's a dark bar that looks like an antique store inside. Pick out your favorite creepy antique or taxidermy. It's like drunk iSpy. They have shows, the smoking area out front is a fun place to chill, and if you're going to a show at the Fox, you're stopping here (boss bitch again).*They take cards and have a $10 CC min.
Full of crazy decorations and 80's Music. Not really my scene but I have friends that would love this spot. The Greyhound here is a grapefruit lover's dream. I'm not a big fan of grapefruit but it was still pretty good. Just keep the greyhounds coming then I wouldn't mind staying at this bar.
Epic place!  I have been going here since I moved to Oakland a few years ago.  As you can probably guess, the Greyhounds are fantastic.  To be clear, I dislike grapefruit in any other form, but when they get the Ruby Reds in...it is on!  Bartenders and patrons are friendly and welcoming and Sculpin on tap.  I could do without smoking (cigarrettes) at the entrance/patio, but I am happy to muddle through that given what is inside.
We walked in. I've never walked into a room and said "man, this place smells like grapefruits" but I turned to my friend and said "man this place smells like grapefruits!" I told him the place was famous for their greyhounds. He ordered one for me and a beer for himself. I looked around the room. Every single person there had a greyhound; short red straw, giant quarter of a grapefruit garnish. "Are you sure you want a beer?" He promptly changed it to a greyhound.Months later, we're regulars. I think they think were married because we don't talk to each other much and play I Spy with the trinkets that litter the wall behind the bar.The bathroom always seems to have a line, but only right when it's your time to go. Why did someone write "please knock first" on the door or the bathroom? I'll never know, but I'm sorry. I'm not pooping. I'm taking bathroom selfies.
Ok so the Greyhounds here are fantastical and at $7 it's the best you're going to get. The ambiance is very interesting and dive barry and there are some truly attention piquing antique pieces. While I was initially put off by the strong beedi smell and tempted to break in to a dance to this song: youtube.com/watch?v=XLJC… I decided to enjoy my drink with my colleagues in piece and peace. That is my update.
One word: GREYHOUNDWhen ever I see a juicer attached to the bar, say that in my head. Most refreshing drink ever! The bartenders are always so nice and fun to talk to! Not to mention: it's a great place to play 'I spy' in! Trust me on this. My boyfriend and I play it every time we come here. It's hilarious. Even with the bartenders!Minus the bathroom situation. Other than that, this is a place you must go too!!!!
Small, but good for intimate/small groups. Grapefruit beer is the BEST!
This place gets most of its stars for the decor, which is crazy and supposed to be surreal, I think.  I came on Halloween, and you know, even if it wasn't Halloween, you'd still think it was Halloween in there.  There are skulls, rhinos, swordfish, psychedelic-ness, all sorts of crazy shit plastered all over the walls.  I love the feast for the eyes, the visual smorgasbord of animals and art!  As for the Greyhounds, which everyone's been raving about, they're alright.  I did like that they're generous with the pours and there's a healthy amount of fresh grapefruit juice in there.  You should definitely come here just to hang out in a cool space - fun and wacky art, pretty chill space and crowd, and okay Greyhounds.
I love this place for their Greyhounds! I came a few years back and thought it was a fluke and after I tried another place up the street that didn't even compare, I decided to comeback here after a long day with some coworkers. They are VERY generous with the vodka and the grapefruit juice is fresh squeezed and to die for! And to top it off, you get a large slice of delicious grapefruit. I'd definitely recommend coming for the Greyhound, probably a good first stop for an evening in downtown Oakland.
Live band + hipster townies + freshly-fresh-fresh squeezed grapefruit juice in your greyhounds made to order = awesome night. But hold your horses cowboys and girls, there's only 1 bathroom for this whole dive bar so drink responsibly!
arrived here late on a friday night and it was hopping! great bar, with plenty of drinkers and just good vibe. one of the better bars around the area, and there are many choices.the drinks were stiff... what more do you need!
Really cool bar in downtown Oakland. Right around the corner from 19th st bart so convenient. The whole place has a sort thrift store feel too it which makes it feel kind of homey and comfortable. If you're lucky enough to go by on a night they have live music all the better! Saturday night there was a great local jazz group playing.They're known for their Greyhounds (grapefruit vodka drinks) but I would recommend the Salty Dog. It's a Greyhound with a salted rim and the salt compliments the grapefruit beautifully. Only downside is they charge cover on First Fridays (like many bars in the area).
Don't miss Brass Magic at Van Kleef along with the salty dogs.
What can I say about Cafe Van Kleef that hasn't been said before by countless others? This place is OFF THE HOOK! For someone who doesn't go to bars in Uptown Oakland, *this* place in particular opened the door and introduced me to my city on the come-up: seriously, if you haven't made it to this spot, get off your ass and do so!First thing's first: the place is small, narrow (from the front entrance to the stage, located at the back) and jam-packed to the hilt with people...but people don't generally seem to mind if you're trying to squeeze in between to find a place to sit...which you probably won't. It gets hot quick, so do yourself and don't wear more than two-three layers of clothing like I did....The night I went was for my 25th, there was a LIVE New Orleans-style marching band which did a cover of Jay-Z's "Big Pimpin'" - how friggin' marvelous that was, with everyone vibin' and groovin' on the dance floor, which added to the feel of an alcohol-induced fever dream in a darkly-lit bordello. The band which performed that night was *phenomenal*, I just wish I had stayed sober enough to remember their name... sensory overload in the best possible way - seriously, from the floor to the ceiling, it's expansive and all kinds of odds and ends/knick-knacks to stare at in ogle at: WOW.Drinks are reasonably price, but I wouldn't know really since I stuck to Greyhounds all night and they were all free; if Greyhounds are not your specialty, they will be after your experience here: served quickly by the speedy staff behind the bar, and topped with a thick-as-hell grapefruit slice, you'll be making between 5 to 6 trips from your seat or to the bar. All in all, if you're out on a Thursday night (or any night for that matter) and need a spot to kick it and shoot the breeze with a couple of friends, go to Cafe Van Kleef's!
I love this place. Their greyhounds are amazing. I don't go out often, but this is definitely my go-to spot.
This place is my go-to when I want a drink in downtown Oakland. They're known for their greyhounds, which are made with freshly squeezed grapefruit juice. Even if you don't like greyhounds, you should try one if you come here. Not doing so would be like going to San Francisco and never trying the sourdough bread or going to New Orleans and never having a beignet. What I tend to do, however, is I order a double greyhound (in a tall glass) so I don't have to keep returning to the bar, which can get crowded at times.  This bar is divey, with a diverse crowd, and lots of random things decorating the walls. Just how I like a bar to be!
Cue spaghetti western music with some slap bass. Is it wrong that I hear a mash-up of Ennio Morricone and Les Claypool in my head every time I venture into this bar? I think it's safe to say that everyone in Oakland knows about Cafe Van Kleef and it's legendary Greyhounds. The walls of this joint are covered with ephemera from unknown origins. The atmosphere is part episode of Hoarders, and part antique shop. Van Kleef is typically packed to the gills, stacked three or four deep from the bar, which is saying a lot since the "bar" is deeper on the employee side than the customer side. Service here is hit-and-miss. Meaning you'll probably be ignored for a minute or ten since it is so damn busy, but once the barkeep gets to you, they will be fairly attentive. Bar space, Hell standing space, is at a premium. We were able to rustle up prime bar seating near the entrance, however I quickly realized why that space was soooo readily available after inhaling an entire pack of second hand Marlboros and Virginia Slims. On to the Greyhounds, booze-wise, they are rather weak. I noticed the bartender was pouring vodka out of an anonymous bottle. Probably some terrible generic well-vodka ,Russian named swill à la Popov. All complaints aside though, it's a fantastic tasting drink. The fresh squeezed ruby grapefruit juice and quartered citrus on top elevate this otherwise weak sauce into something special. I guess if you want bang for your buck, order spirits, neat. If you want to enjoy a tasty libation with friends, Greyhound my man. Greyhound.
Dear god, the greyhounds.The bartender poured a terrifying amount of vodka into the glass with a light splash of fresh grapefruit juice. The drink, however, was surprisingly light (and weak), and I loved the extra slice of grapefruit. Vitamin C!! Probably the best greyhound I've had in the bay area.The crowd is super diverse, although most people seemed like locals.
There is no food to be ordered at Cafe Van Kleef despite the confusion of it being called a cafe.  I know because they would not allow my family to enter because our 6 month old baby was not of drinking age.
I stopped at  Cafe Van Kleef after a concert at the Fox Theater. The bouncer would not let me in because my California drivers license expired a few days before. Mind you, I am 56 years old and look every bit my age. I have been a customer for 10 years. The bouncer was very rude and condescending to me. I noticed the place has gone downhill in the past few years.
Greyhounds are AMAZING!
Great atmosphere complimented by good people and tasty drinks . Can't wait to return :)
My date suggested we pop over to Cafe Van Kleef, after having snacks and cocktails at Dogwood. I had no idea what to expect of the place and, honestly, I'd driven by a bunch of times and had not even noticed it there.What a cute and awesome little bar! We went on a Monday night, so it wasn't overly crowded and it was kind of on the mellow side. Very nice, my kind of vibe.. Since I was told the fresh-squeezed Greyhound was the house specialty, I ordered one and it didn't disappoint! I like Greyhounds anyway, but the fresh juice made it so much more yummy. The bartender told us the grapefruits' flavor changes with the season; we got lucky and ours were plenty sweet to balance out the tart.The inside of the bar is randomly, kitsch-ily decorated and is very entertaining to try to look at everything. Both the bartender and the doorman were friendly and provided good service. All in all, a nice little bar that I'd be quite happy to return to.
Oh what a night! Two greyhounds at the bar with Peter, by Markus N., or ... Travels Through the Looking Glass. You decide. For me it could be either, and I may as well have followed a hurrying hasenpfeffer inside, that's how down-the-rabbit-hole Van Kleef's is. One evening there moons back I went joke for joke with a funny fellow I haven't seen since. I was in my prime; we told for over an hour. Last night with M from Marcellos I found the questioning glance of the lady to my left owed to her looking for college alum. Seems she was the organizer of a reunion and ... no one had come. Sad in a way, until she started laying out her reasoning as to why ladies should never date professional ballplayers. Then quite captivating. Random, and rewarding. At Van Kleef's the specialty is (as you all know already) the freshly squeezed Greyhound. Peter has apparently also invented the Vanhattan and Lord knows what else, but I stick with what will keep the scurvy at bay. Many nights acts fill the small stage to the rear, and the memorabilia of a man's life line the walls. And the ceiling. And pretty much every nook and cranny not occupied by the hip Oaktown uptown scene. Which so beats Chestnut Street, imho. Not that it's relevant here but I'm just going to say it anyway - with the glow of the Greyhound in my belly and brain I ventured to SF for the icing. A little brisket with two of Yelp's finest. That's all. What a lady (a couple of ladies), what a night.
Great location and I love that they have a smoking section in front. Known for their greyhounds and understandably so. They are very fresh and the service is fast and upbeat. It's just a really relaxing place to hang out and there's a good crowd in the evenings. This place is kinda like Cheers for me; everyone knows my name.
Best drinks/bartenders in Oakland. Great greyhounds. Come in Thursday nights, bartenders  and music on point.
This is my new default watering hole. Awesome, friendly staff. Good beer. Really fun decor. There's a great crew of regulars as well.
I really love this place...the eclectic decorations, the narrow entrance and the locals feel.  BUT...if you are not a smoker you are going to need to head to the very back and even then I am not sure you will escape the smoke.  The front of the place is set back about 8 feet so that there is a smokers patio, and the smoke just blasts in the front door rather than out.  A small fresh air intake fan in the back would probably create just enough positive air pressure to keep the smoke from being sucked inside.  Until that happens, I'm going to steer clear.  What a bummer.
Amazing live music, a great atmosphere, and fresh grapefruit cocktails.  My first time in Cafe van Kleef certainly left an impression. The brass New Orleans style jazz band playing that evening was amazing. The greyhound cocktails made with fresh grapefruit were great. The decor is eclectic, yet cool with all kinds of different objects covering the walls. The only downside is that it can get quite loud and noisy, so you might have to go somewhere else to have a deep conversation. And another huge plus: incredibly friendly bartenders. Bouncers and bartenders in Oakland are (based on my experiences so far) much friendlier, than their San Francisco counterparts. I always feel welcome, and they are always polite and attentive. Oakland is becoming my favorite 'let's go out for a drink' city by a wide margin.
Ok so someone dragged me in here! Really wasn't in the mood to drink so I ordered water and my friend ordered a greyhound. Once the drink came I tried their greyhound and let's just say before the night was over I drank 4 greyhounds...so much for not being in the mood! The greyhounds were so good honestly you can't even taste the alcohol and I watched Danny the bartender pour the drink and yes this drink had a good amount of alcohol to it! When  I return to Oakland this will definitely be on my go to bar list!
"Thank you Sir, May I have another." - Kevin BaconThat is all I could think of when I downed my first Greyhound. (Funny thing is, I later went home and watched Animal House) Greyhounds are a thing of pure genius concocted by the wonderful chemists at Van Kleef. Four simple ingredients: Ice, Vodka, Grapefruit juice, Grapefruit wedge. Simple and beautiful.I dare you to only have one. I double dare you. These reasonably priced super cocktails are too damn good to just have one. I promise you, these things are addictive. (I'm gettin' the itch)I like the way this place feels. Dusty junk all over the place, it just wreaks of awesomeness. You'll love art, the taxidermy, and bric-a-brac that adorns every square inch of Van Kleef.Free popcorn anybody?
This is my favorite bar in the east bay, super chill styles. It's the kinda place you wanna spend all night in  while enjoying the best greyhounds  in the world. Conny and Aaron are the best. I get service as soon as I step 2 the bar by the some of the most fun bartenders in the east bay.  Real reconize real :)
hands down best alcholic beverage i have ever had! fresh squeezed grapefruit and vodka, and i don't even like grapefruits!!!!!!!! go figure, do yourself a favor and stop by here for a drink! do it! now! go!!
The Salty Dog is my new favorite drink. It's 7 bucks and amazing. Order it. Now. Van Kleef's is like someone took the decorations from a creepy old gothic spinster aunt's stuffy Victorian flat and hung them up all over. It's pretty visually amazing, eclectic, strange...if you're a straight shooter or an MTV type of kid, this ain't your scene. Good music on the jukebox, nice cozy spot for a date. Bartenders are quick, courteous. Not a pretentious scene, come as you are. Best chill place in Uptown.
Let your nose get a treat from the smell of freshly squeezed grapefruit! That was my favorite part about this place... they're serious about their Greyhounds and they come with a giant wedge of the fruit on top. Is it the professional citrus-squeezer-thing that makes the drink taste like pink sunshine? I'm not sure, but next time I'm getting only the juice. The vodka's just getting in the way. Yes, I'm turning into a sober old lady. Gimme my juice!Your eyes also get something like a treat. It's eclectic in there. You don't know what to expect. Good times.And of course the ears - what my arm candy and I really came for was the music. A great middle-age jazz band with some real expertise set the mood so that it was exciting yet relaxed at the same time. Very well worth the $5 cover, especially since we showed up early and got a table. It's a great place to try on a weekend night!
My second time visiting this little gem!Fantastic Jazz band, delicious greyhound and PACKED PACKED PACKED. What a wonderful little spot!All this for a $5.00 cover...amazing. Do yourself a favor and stop in.
Let's pretend that my New Year's resolution was to avoid going into San Francisco for wild, music &amp; booze filled weekends, and instead, to find some epic spots in the East Bay that could get the job done with just as much debaucherous pizzazz. Enter Cafe Van Kleef. Resolution kept. This place is almost indescribable, but I'll try. It is cluttered from floor to ceiling, like an antique store that's never sold a thing. There is taxidermy decor, twinkle lights, and carafes of pulpy grapefruit + vodka. There's a small stage towards the back where you can gaze up, glazey-eyed, at whatever unexpectedly cool band is jamming. People dance, people sit, some are kooky and all are content.After visit #1, I'm pretty in love with this place. $10 cover may seem steep for Oak-town, but there's nowhere quite like Van Kleef (and if there is, please do tell!)
Last night, my bf and I brought a friend in town to experience the quirkiness of Van Kleef.  While the greyhounds were still great and the doorman was super nice, the rest of the service was awful. Our fave bartender (super sweet lady) was not there and the one bartender that was there was clearly overwhelmed, was giving free drinks to her friends, and took no ownership of the other drunk patrons in the bar.  When our round of greyhounds came up, the bartender pushed them towards us roughly, one of the pieces of grapefruit fell onto a drunk girls lap who then had the audacity to place it back INTO our drink. The bartender saw this and did nothing.  My bf had to ask for a fresh drink and the bartender was RUDE back to him. Awful experience.
My favorite bar in Oakland. Unique space, friendly bartenders. The only drink I ever get is the greyhound, so I can't comment on anything more than that. Oh and free popcorn! Yay!
I don't usually drink grapefruit juice but when I do...this is the place to go, and they add vodka, also. Goodness. Greyhound.
Jess is the man. Dude serves hundreds of drinks an hour yet still is friendly. This place rocks, 10/10 would blackout again.
I love this bar more than any in Oakland. Tonight Connie was the bartender and showed us a great time as always. Will come here time and time again.
Perhaps one of the best bars in the Bay Area. Amazing music - relatively good sound and amazing selection of drinks. Additionally, the interior is eclectic. Will definitely come back!!!
This place is amazing! I can't wait to return and have another greyhound ($7 each), I like citrus drinks, my friends though, not so much. The atmosphere was fantastic, loved staring at everything and it seemed that everyone was having a great time here. I wish I could write more on Cafe Van Kleef but I seem to have some fluffy memories after my first greyhound lol Go here and you won't regret it!!!
Stiff vodka/grapefruit in a big overflowing glass for less than $5 a pop, with live music and some wicked awesome wall decorations? Sold. This place rocks!Plus, the people working there are awesome! Say you're occasionally forgetful (like me) and waltz into the Bay for the weekend, conveniently forgetting that boatloads of things require cash. Say then also that you go with your fiancee to a place that requires a cover charge. D'oh.But, the guy at the door let us in to use the ATM, which was much appreciated and very kind of him!THEN the ATM that they conveniently have at the bar won't read my debit. Double d'oh.Will they charge the cover to a credit card? Yes. And without even a hint of rolling eyes (which I appreciated) problem solved!There is a cover charge to the place, $5 some nights, $10 if the music is extra goodCheap delicious drinks, good service, decent crowd on a Friday night (full, rowdy, but not overstuffed and everyone was happy and polite). Worth a visit!
I hate to jump on the bandwagon, but OMG, get The Greyhound! I swear, it tastes like nectar and once you take a sip you will be converted to the ways of The Greyhound.They use fresh grapefruit juice and put fresh slices of grapefruit in it... YUMM! I love the vibe of this place, but it does get cramped in there when it is crowded. They also have this little outdoor area in the front where you can smoke, but still not be standing out on the street. I love that because I hate having to chug my drink just so I can have a cigarette. There is interesting art on the walls and interesting people, what more can you ask for.
If nobody has said already...get the greyhounds!!!!! That's all you need to know...they're the best here. Perhaps is because they make them with fresh squeezed grape fruit juice. The bar itself it's very interesting and the place has a mix of all kind of decor...it's a bit small, but well worth the trip!
Grey goodness.  This place looks like an ex circus performer became a hoarder, died, and then someone opened a bar in the remnants of their life.And then started making amazing fresh Greyhounds.Fun place, I hear the live shows are great in the small space.
Hi how are ya can I order a.....whoah is that a Jackalope?Sorry I got distracted....can I get a Double shot of Jameso...is that a figurine of the RCA dog?Ok my bad can I get a Double shot of Jameson - spla.....eww is that a wild boar head??Ok seriously this time! I'll get a.......oh whe......ma'am?.......where'd she go?*some service they got here*(bartender comes back)Hi!  I'll take a Double shot of Jameson- splash of water and whoah is that a naked lookin geisha playing a trumpet!(my friend Keegan interrupts) AND A GREYHOUND, please.(bartender smiles and nods to my friend as if bonded by my annoying presence)Is that a buddha smoking a joint?Is that a wolf's head?  Oh wait, it's a fox.Is that Jimi Hendrix next to that pirate ship?Way too much shit goin on here.It's like an episode of Hoarders......haha, right?(Keegan is ignoring me)Do you think they sell this stuff? I ask him.*regulars look at me in horror*Guess not.(((well shit it looks like a g'dam garage sale up in here, I whisper to him)))Keegan: It's supposed to *sneeze*Bless you.Keegan: Thanks *sneeze* look like *sneeze*Bless you.  Bless you.Keegan: This.  It's SUPPOSED to look like *sneeze* this. Bless you.Keegan:  Thanks.  It's eclecti-haaaaaaa-chooo!Bless you.Keegan: Fuck! Thanks.  It's an eclectic collection.  I heard its from homeboys travels or something.It's kitschy, you mean.Keegan: Yes! That's exactly *sneeze* *sneeze* *sneeze* That's it.  I'm outta here. *sneeze* Fuck!Geez get it together wouldja? You're embarrassing meKeegan: (gives me a stern look) I'm gonna get some air.  BRB....10 minutes later...Feel better?Keegan: Much. *sneeze*Orrrr not.  Bless you.Keegan: (clearly disgruntled) Thanks.  I don't think we should hang out anymore.  I'm obviously allergic to you. *sneeze* See?  *sneeze*Pssh.  It's probably all the dust from the kitschy.Keegan:  Yeah no joke.  Is your drink good though? Supposed to be what they're known for.  The Greyhound.  *blows nose*Yeah its grapefruity. But stiff.  Wanna taste?Keegan: no *sneeze* thanks.  Goddddddddd now I'M the annoying one here!Hey!Keegan: Let's get outta here.  I'm dying. (grabs my hand..starts to weave me thru the crowd)....but I haven't seen everything yet!  Like that there - is that a mermaid?!  And is that a pineapple, or an urn?  Is that a dude's schlong???Oh wait eww. That's real.  (holds on to Keegan's hand tighter)  Gross, walk faster!  *overheard while weaving our way out*Girl: What's with all the junk.  It's like an episode of Hoarders in here. Oh my god is that a Wild Boar?Me: It's from the owner's TRAVELS, it's not junk.  Psshh.  Rude.Girl:  Oh is it? I'm sorry I didn't....Me:  Hahahahaha! I'm kidding I felt the same way. Points down to her waist - Oh, you might wanna watch out for the schlo-Girl:  The what? *poke* Oh EWW!!!Me:  waves - Bye!Keegan: *sneeze*
Somewhere between El Paso and Tijuana, there's a bar that's wall to wall covered with relics from Dusty's Vietnam collection. All the collectibles from the women he married and left behind, all the taxidermy from whiskey drenched nights in the woods, the UFO sighting paraphernalia from his days as a disillusioned American. Somewhere in Oakland, that's a bar that's just like this. A Rip Van Winkle look-a-like keeps his ear tuned to the sound projecting from the stage. A band with a vampire vixen a la Tia Carrere, emits a sound akin to Gogol Bordello swapping spit with Rammstein. Unsettling but strangely captivating. A foxy bartender pours me another and another and another while a nice little lady comes over to take my order for fried catfish. Can you think of any other bar that even compares? Didn't think so.
The doorman NEVER recognizes you. Fine. But $7 for a shot of Jim Beam? Fuck off.
Oh, Van Kleef, you slay me. Despite your trendy and somewhat questionable clientele (myself included, apparently), I come back for the notorious greyhounds and the convenient location (just a couple blocks from my office).Double nods on what folks have said about the interior resembling the inside of a divey antique faire. Kinda creepy at times if you actually take the time to look around. I've found that the trick to this place is coming earlier rather than later. If you get here too late, they often are charging a cover and have already run out of greyhounds for the night (madness, I know).Sometimes they have live music, which is nice. Also, you know your friends that live in the city that will like, NEVER come out to Oakland? They'll come out to Van Kleef-- just lure them in with greyhounds, the quirky decor &amp; the convenience of BART. Pro-tip: If you're not attached to the Uptown area for the evening, Room 389 on Grand has happy hour from 4-8PM every day and they make excellent greyhounds as well (although they're not ruby red). Freshly squeezed and only $4!
I come to this place just for the greyhound mixed drinks, though I'm sure they have other drink specials.  The greyhound mixed drink is made from fresh squeezed grapefruit juice and contains vodka.  The decoration inside the bar is pretty interesting.  When I came here they also had a live band performing which was nice.
Great bar!Sierra Nevada's "Torpedo" (8% alcohol) on tap?  Check!  Awesome Greyhounds?  Check!  Little Walter's "Mellow Down Easy" blasting out the speakers?  CHECK!I really dig this place.  They have live music but I haven't checked that out yet.  I hear they have "MJ's Brass Boppers" here pretty often and they are a great band.My only complaints?  All the crap they have on the walls looks pretty dusty, they could turn the lights up just a bit (a little too dark for me), and fix the door on the bathroom so people waiting in line don't have to hear me drop a deuce in the can.
Weak homemade greyhounds, several smokers RIGHT outside the door blowing DEATH into the interior. The decor is pretty unique inside, the crowd is hip and lively, and the soul/jazz band playing was entertaining. ...But if two if your infamous drinks don't yield this lightweight the slightest buzz and staff doesn't take into account that some abhor secondhand tobacco smoke, I'm Audi 5. $5 cover doesn't help either.
Such an awesome place. I've never had a greyhound before, so when I ordered it I was surprised about the grapefruit (I hate grapefruit, not their fault though once I noticed, I also noticed I was surrounded by drinks with grapefruits). Anyway, I liked the cocktail a lot despite my distaste for grapefruit! The juice they used for those cocktails was freshly squeezed, so it was very good. The decor of the bar was kind of like a mardi gras hodgepodge, the lighting was "perfect bar lighting" where it's dimmed and layered but not dark, and the live music playing in the back was hearable from the front near the bar but not so loud you couldn't talk-- really it was a pretty perfect funky dive!
Greyhounds here are my favorite I've ever tried! The Bar as a whole is super Bohemian and very wacky (in the best possible way). If you've ever been to DC, I'd compare it to Madam's Organ. Don't come here expecting fancy-ass anything. You either 100% love this place, or you leave here as quickly as you came. I am the former. Very representative of the Oaklandish vibe.
'Come One, Come All' should be Van Kleef's motto. This place definitely represents a nice cross-section of the Oakland population, and is an Oaktown must-have experience.Grapefruit juice is one of my all time faves. Walking in past the smoking area,  smelling the fresh squeezed grapefruit juice was close to nostril nirvana. A nice smelling bar, sweet. However, I did expect the Greyhound to be just a little stronger. My trusty companion agreed and mentioned that the drinks seemed to be stronger in the past - maybe this was an off-night?Music-wise, it also wasn't a great night until the harmonica player got on the bar for a solo. Until then, the sound levels seemed off, and again, my trusty companion agreed, adding that normally the mic levels for voice vs instruments are a little off. It might just be the acoustics from the shape of the place, after all, it's a concrete rectangle filled with a bunch of random, salvaged stuff.But the harmonica player on the bar was worth more than the $5 cover. And over the course of the night, the place filled up and thinned out and filled up again - I can only imagine how horribly crowded it would be on a prime weekend night without cover.It took me three tries to finally make it inside, even though on numerous nights, I've been a few measly blocks away. Once I forgot my ID (party foul!), and another time the $5 cover swayed me and a couple of friends away. Finally, finally, finally, I made it last weekend, and hopefully, it won't take another three tries to come back.
Lovin' it. When the band on stage is in full swing and you enter Cafe Van Kleef when's it's full and at its prime, the sensory stimulation begins with a waft of a floral/fruity fragrance that turns out to be the freshly squeezed grapefruit juice. This said grapefruit juice makes vodka--a liquor that normally is a guaranteed dry-heave inducer for me--taste like the nectar of the gods. In other words, their greyhounds are INcredible. The misc. hoarder accouterment hanging on the ceiling (see video/picture whatever), encroaching on the full height of the bar, is a great conversation sparker, whether you're breaking the ice with someone you're getting to know or whether you just need to get validate the person whom you brought there for the first time marvels at "how __ing cool this place is!" as they take pictures of the fun random pictures, signs, medallions, swap meet finds etc. that, as I mentioned earlier, coat the bar.The bar is like some sort of shrine to an interior decorating job I wish I could pull off. It's exactly what I want to be looking at when I polish off cheapish greyhounds and I couldn't be happier just chilling at the bar or comfortably trying to name the specifies of the taxidermied fish swimming on the ceiling as I sit at a table further into the place. And, the miracle of it all, is that none of the decorative bar or ceiling items are dusty. This truly blows me mind--almost more than anything else about the place. The ceiling is mighty high and those fish are super hard to reach. Mind you, my eye glass prescription needs updating, but I have looked closely and I swear these suckers are sleek and untainted by dust mites. Thoroughly impressive. However, I find the $5 cover on Friday and Saturday nights highly off-putting. I'm sure it's crowed control/encouraging a more self-selecting clientele...but still... I'm aiming to go on a Thursday sometime soon, so when I do, I'll report back, but for now--4-starts--because covers BLOW!
GREYHOUNDS! Even though grapefruits aren't my citrus fruit of choice, these were so good. This place is really cool. The walls are covered in so many random things I looked like I had an attention disorder because I was looking back and forth trying to take in everything.
You know that scene in "The Hangover" when Stu is waking up and stumbling around, and sees that the hotel room has been absolutely destroyed?  Gone are the tasteful decorations, instead vomited on by a hoarder's house?  That's kind of like this place.  After trying NEX, we clearly didn't remember the last time we were painfully hungover and decided to come here for more booze.  By we, I mean the Greek Salad Eating Chode and the Thrilla Gorilla, as well as Ben P (no nickname yet) and his supremely awesome and clearly patient wife.  Sure, I'll try the Greyhound.  Never mind that I don't drink vodka anymore, and I've already passed my mixed liquor quota.  Sure, I'll have a shot of tequila, because I clearly hate myself.For a Thursday, it was pretty relaxed, not too busy, but I really don't see the point of charging a cover for a band I've never heard of.  Not that I minded, because they were pretty cute, but bands make it difficult to talk and listen to the first date next to us.What you can do without speaking is look around at all the stuff.  And come back because you still haven't seen all the stuff.  It's like the "I Spy" game on overload.  Or as the magnet I got for my mom claims "The meaning of life isn't more useless crap?"Go for the atmosphere, stay for the drinks.  As Angelo mentioned, they accept plastic, which is a bonus.
Planned the last DYL here because everyone deserves to know Van Kleefs!  Seriously this spot is 2nd to none and definitely in its own category.  A very attentive staff and a big thanks to Ina for taking great care of our group.  The pours where heavy, the Yum Yum (Coconut Juice and Tequila) blew my mind, the diversity at this spot is so beautiful, the crazy art, the blues and jazz bands add a kick to your experience, everyone smiling and chit chatting.   Seriously yo, it's all about Van Kleef, add one of their specialty Greyhounds on top of all their greatness and well your pretty much in love.
Came here just before watching a concert at Fox theater.  It was a bit crowded inside, and most of the tables were taken.  We had a fairly large group accumulate in so when we finally snagged the end of the large table, it was nice.  Otherwise, a bit odd cause the space isn't used well enough with table spacing.  It feels weird to stand near the tables, and the bar area is really small to stand around.  A bit noisy as any other bar, so hard to have conversation with a large group of people.However, come for the greyhound drinks with an entire slice of grapefruit!  It is a nice refreshing drink to start with and totally great to start the night with.  A light, non-heavy drink.Bathroom is for both sexes in the back with a bench you can sit and wait on.  And it's a clean bathroom!
I first fell in love with  Fresh Stoli Greyhounds at a local dive in my town that is no longer around.  Just recently got reunited with one of my all time favorite potent potables.  Except here they up it a notch by serving it in a bucket (fist pump), and garnish your fresh squeezed pink grapefruit/vodka beverage with a quarter wedge of fresh grapefruit (double fist pump).These drinks are so light they're lethal.  They're so light, I wanted to work out after having two.  I didn't...but I wanted to.I just try and get out by 11pm to avoid being elbow to elbow with hipsters.  When I do, easily a 5 star experience!
Fun and kitschy bar. Good drinks and smiling faces from the bartender. I could walk around this place all night long, just checking out all the "stuff" that is on the walls and filling every nook and cranny from front to back.
Come for the greyhounds, stay for the atmosphere.This is exactly my style. A lot of shit on the walls to stare at, and strong drinks. A must-go for anyone in Oakland.
The decor is mind boggling in this weird ass joint. Heard some great music here. Great place to go and let your freak flag fly.
OH MY GOD! The Alameda Antique Fair just exploded in this bar!Calm down, it didn't, I was just joking. Relax. Have a greyhound. So, this bar is pretty rad, but the few times I've been here, I've sort of stuck to the front because we've just popped in for a quick one before hitting up another event. I feel bad because our time here is always fleeting, but the bouncer always seems to let us sneak in for one without dealing with the cover. Nice bouncers are hard to find these days, maybe they pay them in knick knacks.
So pretty much one of the coolest places I've stumbled into in the oakland area since I moved here. The seemingly non-descript entrance leads to a crazy art hole usually packed with people standing or sitting. The entrance has an outdoor but covered area where people hang out and smoke. Expect to get ID'd here, but once you're in you're chill. The bouncer is real good with faces. The interior has things hanging from the ceiling, cool lights, old movie props, random sculpture, and a generally dark, but cool ambience. This place is well known for it's grey hounds and behind the bar one can find a bar back literally cutting and squeezing grapefruit all night long. The bar itself is like a long skinny hallway and it can get really packed on weekends. In the very back is a tiny stage where there's live music playing on a regular basis. I've never been blown away by the bands there except in the sense that the music is so loud you have to yell to talk, but that said it's good to have something playing than not. Otherwise they play the most random music. Classic rock to american country sometimes. Currently the grey hounds run 7$ so not cheap, but they have the standard stuff on tap for beer too.All in all this place is a pretty dope place to kick it and hang out for drinks and talk. It's not the kinda place to get wasted at but it will def impress people when you take em here. I'd recommend this place anytime.
