This place is the definition of great vibes! I love this place!Make Westing brings out a diverse and social crowd. The music is low but still vibrant, which creates a great setting to mingle without screaming. Feel free to get into an intense and fun game of bocce ball! Even standing around and watching is entertaining. My friends and I meet and network with many amazing people all the time! Everyone is very friendly and outgoing.Our go to drink is the FRENCH MUSE, a must have! It looks all cute and innocent, but it is slightly dangerous! 1 will have you in a chillin' mood, 2 tipsyyy, and 3 LIT!! You will feel like you have been drinking all night, which is pretty much drink goals! My limit is usually 3, I don't dare go past! I always have a great time here! Each element of Make Westing creates the perfect ambiance! This is definitely the spot to go for after work drinks, pre-games, or weekend hangouts! One of my favorite places in Oakland by far!
Hipster bar alert.Not that that's necessarily a bad thing. For the most part, it has a comfortable, inviting environment. The indoor bocce ball courts are a nice touch, but be prepared to wait a while until one opens up. By the same token, don't take too long when you get a court!I took off a star because an employee was super rude to me for no particular reason. He was clearing glasses from the bocce court area and was walking back toward the bar. I was inadvertently blocking his pathway, but instead of asking me politely to step to the side, he said in a sarcastic, annoyed tone, "It would help if you moved." Typically, that's not how you would want to treat your customers, but hey, they didn't ask me.
This is very cool placeNot a big food selection but a full barRight next to the Fox theaterHas outdoor tablesTheir pulled pork sandwiches are good
Been here a few times for drinks with friends. Cool hipster place in downtown Oakland, slow on Mondays and usually very busy Thursday-Saturday. They make really good gimlets and mojitos. The bartenders are friendly. They have appetizers as well but I cannot rate them on that since I just go there for drinks, however the habanero popcorn looked really yummy the last time I was there. Very chill place to mingle with the locals in the area, definitely a place you can wear tennis shoes or heels. Recommend this place to anyone looking to go to watch the games or hang out with friends.
I've been to this bar a handful of times and it never disappoints. It's definitely what I'd call a hipster bar, but I love it! I frequent a lot of bars in SF and this place has nothing on them. I love the crowd and the ambience of the bar. I'm going to try to frequent this place as much as possible. Great cocktails, great bartenders, and amazing people.
Braised oxtail sando!!!!!I was able to sample there Braised oxtail sandwich and let me say I will be back for more, not oily, not fatty, near perfection on a toasted bun. The sandwich on a whole was a tad small, especially if you are sharing, but the meat was tender and flavorful, not to salty, more or less all around perfect on meat to bun proportionI also sampled the bone marrow dish, no skimming on this dish, full heavy amount of bone marrow on the bone, like most places that offer this dish you are scraping the bone to get every last bit, here the marrow was heavy, oily, thick consistency, throw it on some toasted bread that is offered and it is delicious, you can dip the bread in the sauce found underneath the bone, ohh man sooo good, I do recommend this place for the food, I did sample few beers, I would stay for there food that they offerfood **** oxtail sandwich is a plus, bone marrow also a plusservice **** no wait, walked up to the bar and ordered, received the food in 5 minprice $$ambiance **** large venue, bochi ball not regulated size but folks compete here, allot of room to stretch your legs, better to go on a week night to avoid several crowds during the friday and saturday crowdsI will be back for more oxtail and bone marrow
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!It's basically the most poppin place at night time!I like their Garden Gimlet cocktail. It contains gin, cucumber, basil and lime. It's very refreshing tasting!I also like ordering their crispin cider. It's super delicious! Would I come here again?! OH HECK YA!
Love Make Westing. Located in what is now Uptown Oakland. Make Westing is serving up quality hand crafted cocktails from some of the most friendly bartenders. What I enjoy most at Make Westing is the cheese selection. Cow , Sheep or goat. I always go for the cow and each time I fall in love. Make Westing is serving Brie at its peak temp and they got it right. Outdoor seating with views of the hustle and bustle of the city. Old school tavern feel inside. Indoor Bocce. clean restrooms and comfortable seating. Make Westing is definitely key for Oakland Nightlife.I've had each of their house cocoktails and they are amazing
Make Westing was a stellar bar to visit before a concert at the Fox Theater. It was bustling and lively, but not so crowded that we couldn't get a drink. They were really nice about the kitchen closing 15 minutes after we arrived... most bars are really pushy and rude about you ordering so close to kitchen close.The burrata sandwich is a must-try, with a unique chili aioli mixed in. The gimlet was so fresh and crisp, I couldn't have just one. I might make the trip to Oakland just to visit Make Westing again!
Free cucumber water!!! The drinks are a little pricey but what can you expect for SF drinks. Its a great spot to get a post-show drink at after seeing something at the Fox!
DRINKGarden Gimlet: gin, cucumber, basil, and lime. Refreshing and easy to drink. 4/5SERVICEThis place was packed on a Friday night. There was a large crowd inside and outside the bar. It took 15 minutes to order our drinks. There's 2 lanes for bocce ball.
I've visited this bar twice and both times I felt extremely uncomfortable and out of place.After finding a seat at the bar, I was ignored by all three bartenders for atleast 15 minutes. Eventually, I enthusiastically waved one of the bartenders down to get his attention. When he finally acknowledged me, he seemed annoyed or bothered that I wanted to BUY a drink....This bar seems to cater to a very specific crowd, which baffles me in the ever so diverse Bay Area of CA.... I never understand how customer service can be so bad and/or exclusive especially when they don't realize that they are offending patrons that are spending their money in these establishments. I likely will never return to this place as long as it is the Make Westing.
After the office Christmas party I and a small handful of my coworkers still wanted to be out and about, so we made our way from The Lake Chalet over to Make Westing. We somehow managed to grab a table with seats for all five of us in the incredibly packed place, and after perusing the menu of house cocktails I decided on a Garden Gimlet (gin, cucumber, basil, and lime).I'm not a big drinker and have always had a hard time finding cocktails I like, but the Garden Gimlet was really refreshing and light. Definitely recommend.The bocce court was in full swing, the music was really good, and everyone seemed in good spirits. It was loud but we could still have a conversation, and in general the atmosphere was really positive. This is a cool place whether you're coming as a group or a couple, and I'd definitely like to come here again.
Interesting!This place has a special place in my heart. It is where I first met my husband and where he later proposed.I still haven't been able to persuade anyone to play bocce ball with me. :(Here are the perks. If you're usually a designated driver this place is still a lot of fun. There is bocce and spicy popcorn to be had.  There are friendly bartenders who don't stank face you for not consuming alcohol. They are bright enough to realize they can sell or give you something non alcoholic and that they can sell even more drinks to your pals who are imbibing.  They know the score!!! :)
Had to come back. I had to. I was in the area and the Boquerones was just screaming for me to come visit. So, I did. Damn you, Boquerones, for tasting sooo good!!!! Played a little bocce, too!!!! No regrets. I love this place!!!
Pound-for-pound, probably the best bar in Oakland, when you factor in:- bartender skillset and demeanor (Scottie particularly)- happy hour price points- crowd- BART
This place is so fun!!  My best friend and I came here on a First Friday and this place was packed!She easily bought two drinks from the bar so the crowd wasn't that big of a deal.  The line for bocce ball wasn't too bad either!  We waited, I think ten mins max?  Anyway, I had no idea how to play bocce ball before, but now I freaking love it!  It's so fun and you make friends so quickly.  The two groups that we played with (we won the first round, yay!) were super friendly and fun, even though we were slaughtered by the second group.I love the atmosphere and the super chill vibes, even though it was busy that night.  Will definitely come back again!
This is one of the least approachable bars on Telegraph. I've eaten the food here, and ended up bloody from bones which were not removed from the meat. I've also enjoyed myself here many times after work in previous years when it was comfortable, it's when they bring in the bouncers on weekend nights that you are asking to be treated poorly. I would AVOID this bar until they hire more appropriate staff. I would always love to support local business, but this place is not safe. You'll notice the reviews are dropping on this place because its going down hill fast. I would give it zero stars if I could after my recent visit.
You never know who you'll see at this bar! A group of friends met up here before the Allen Stone concert at The Fox Theatre, and low and behold, the man himself is hanging out at the bar with friends. Super cool.It's a typical laid back, casual, hipster bar. Good prices, lots of space, and and nice bartenders. I'd come back here before a show next time, too!
It is a fabulous place to grab a drink. I went on a Sunday at around 5:30, and not too bad. Plenty of seats, some fantastic Warriors fans and a few stragglers and their acquaintances.  I came for the beer and that is exactly what I had with a great list to choose from. Staff were friendly and quick to take the empties away.I like the atmosphere, I'm coming here more often
I really miss this place. It was a favorite to hit with my coworkers after 5.Pros: Big space to play bocce ball, decent noise level so you can hear yourself think, plenty of room for friends, close to everything (BART, The Fox, etc), food is fantastic (try the jalapeno cheddar popcorn as a cheap side if you're not that hungry), drinks are tasty, bartenders are friendly and easy on the eyes, bar has a unique, dim setting that makes you feel comfortable, don't know how else to describe itCon: The fancy cocktails are a tad pricey (however, there is happy hour and the ingredients are fantastic)  and we had a credit card snafu here where someone was charged double. It got cleared up after a day or two. Bonus: big glass windows for primo tipsy people watching
Good cocktails and beers, even better sandwiches.  They have a two indoor bocce ball courts as well as ample seating inside and outside.  My friend and I had the Lagunitas pale ale that was on tap along with the pulled pork and oxtail sandwiches.  Both sandwiches were good but the oxtail was out of this world.  I'm a big fan of oxtail and this place does not disappoint, it's a must if you go there!
Don't go here unless you want to be surrounded by yuppies, pick-up artists, cheats or you hate drinking because you will never get service.Bartender served my friend but made me wait 30 minutes. He served my other friend when she walked up next to me but still didn't serve me. He made drinks for dudes and ladies. He made drinks for everyone in Oakland from what I can tell. He made drinks directly in front of me and was listening as a pick-up artist said degrading things to try and neg me. He under poured my drink when he gave it to me. He was rude and wouldn't interact at all. My friends had finished their drinks by the time he served me because it was literally a half hour wait.I don't know if he thought I was someone else. Many of my friends are bartenders and I know that I wasn't breaking any etiquette or being a bad customer. I have no idea if this is standard for Make Westing but I have had so many poor experiences at this place that the only times I catch myself back is if someone drags me there.One time, I got dragged there and the line of bros was out the door. A guy tried to join our group as we got close to the front. When I was like, "what are you doing?" he started to sexually harass me in front of the bouncers, who did nothing. The wait for bocce is hours, nobody ever leaves the lane, no employee enforces any system. I've had people pretend my name was theirs and quietly take my game. I've had people erase my name from the board to take my place.Saw someone order, had to mention it: Moskow Mules are full price but come in a glass. A GLASS! This isn't even a real bar, it's just some dumb kids club.
Obviously you should order a tasty brew or cocktail, but more importantly you have to try that Braised Oxtail Sandwich--so good. I wish I could've tried everything else they had on the menu like the Duck Confit Sandwich.I arrived there right when it opened so no one was playing any bocce ball. I sort of wanted to play but ended up just catching up with some friends for a long time then hopped to another bar down the street. Bars that have some sort of sport/game that can be easily contained in a small area indoors are pretty awesome.This was a good spot to start off the night since they serve both delicious food and drinks. It was also conveniently happy hour at the time (I think 4-6PM everyday). I suggest this place as a starting point of an evening out.Make Westing is definitely a gem right off the 19th street BART station--highly recommended!
Best when not crowded. Beware the bathrooms. Girls were fresh, looking right. BUT! But the bar tender could not comprehend putting whiskey in a glass without ice. She just kept saying shot like some kind of bird. Shot? Shot? So finally just said on the rocks and fingered out as many ice shards as I could. Aside: I order whiskey because i like how it tastes not because I want a shot. If I wanted a shot I would have ordered that bullet crap,not a fine beverage such as Jameson's. But the girls were on point so fuck. Three stars it is.
Make Westing: Guaranteed enjoyable space no matter the occasion.For the TL;DR:1. More-so a bar than a club or restaurant2. Theme: Dark and... dungeon-y?  Very cool.3. Happy Hour is everyday from 4PM - 6PM4. Tends to be crowded with mid 20's - late 30's5. Groups flourish here more than dates6. Bocce Ball - Read the instructions or don't; you'll still have funI've been to Make Westing every single time I've gone out for a pub crawl in Downtown Oakland even if just for a drink or two.  It is very much so the "go-to" and "default" place to be.  I've made a ton of acquaintances here and there have always been new groups of people despite it being a staple in downtown.  If you were to take visitors to one place in downtown for their first time, I would definitely say take them here.They have Bocce Ball.  I still don't know how to play but I do anyways then laugh it off as if we really know what we're doing.  It is pretty difficult to understand and read the instructions when you're 4 drinks in.  Also, there's usually a line to play.I personally think that there is plentiful of space.  The security guards do a good job at making sure the place isn't too packed so that it's not shoulder to shoulder.  You get to move around and mingle very easily.  There is seating but the pioneers probably have been there for awhile holding onto it.  Outside is a patio where you can smoke and chit chat.I love the crowd here.  You know how some bars are known for just having crazy, inebriated, intoxicated, wild, woo-ish patrons all over?  I'm happy to report that of all the times I've been here it was not like that.  It's casual but not overly casual.  People definitely make an effort to be presentable here but don't look as if they're about to hit the nightclub.  Don't expect to hear EDM nor top 40's here (Thank God).  Anyways, I obviously encourage you to go here; you will most definitely see me here again numerous times in the future.A nice tid bit of information: Make Westing got it's name from one of Jack London's short stories.
Well made cocktails, though not particularly alcoholic--I had three different gin drinks one night and felt completely sober. (And two is usually my limit as I'm kind of a lightweight.) The food in jars concept is pretty heavy handed and not really aesthetically pleasing. Come early to get in on the Bocce ball if that's why you're here--serious ballers take them over around 7 and never give them up.
This is a nice place to stop off for a drink or two if you are in the area for a show or just want a place to relax. I had a Garden Gimlet, my first alcoholic beverage with cucumber. Very refreshing. They get 5 stars because they have Absinthe and know how to serve it. The snacks are great too. It can sometimes get crowded and loud, but the service and choices are excellent.
Some coworkers invited me out to Make Westing because it is near work, and I accepted, figuring I'd have a quick drink, bond a little, then head out. I stayed for several hours, instead. Drink prices were decent, the place looked clean and eclectic, and I had a blast playing bocce ball for the first time ever. I'll have to go back a few more times to write a more comprehensive review, but I had a great first visit.
Good drinks and bouchée ball. The crowd is meh. I wouldn't come here again I'm over it.
It's a cool spot! I enjoy myself every time I hang out at MW. The bartenders are awesome and the place has a pretty cool vibe. Great place to have a few drinks with friends. The food is a bit pricey but definitely delicious. I can't speak on their  mixed drinks because I'm a beer girl, but they seem to be mixing some popular concoctions all the time. This place is clean and although a bit small, it's spacious. For those who enjoy bocce ball there is an ample space for that too. It's walking distance from the Fox and Paramount so you will often meet people catching a drink before their show. There is seating outside (not too much) and large tables near the entrance to sit and chat with your pals.
DUCK CONFIT SANDWICH. Believe it. The sandwich was packed with tender duck. Fresh bread. Good proportion of ingredients. I'm drooling just thinking about it. The infused popcorn is also good! Especially when you're enjoying the awesome happy hour specials!! I could only stay for a drink and a quick bite, but I'll definitely be back for happy hour. And to play bocce ball!!
Ok, here it is. Super chill, good open space bar. Good bartenders, great location, tasty foods and the popcorn ...! Just the correct amount of spice to accompany your beer. Appropriate prices, and the eats are a small sweet selection. And yum to the whiskey smash made by the fantastic Martin! Great for a impromptu meeting with friends - this place hit the spot! And I must give the proper shout-out to those who maintain the restroom facilities, I mean, really! Slick, clean, black tiled, well-lit restrooms. dude, thank you :) needless to say, great place! Go here!
Came here for the second time last night to celebrate my lady's birthday. The environment is great, bartenders are friendly and make delicious stiff drinks, and there is bocce ball! Although it got really busy, the bartenders were extremely friendly and stayed calm. Will definitely return!
Stumbled into Make Westing per recommendation from a friend before heading into see Tegan and Sara at the Fox Theatre, and I must say, i'm so glad I went here prior to the show! I'm in love with Make Westing. The bartender was very patient as she tried to help me narrow down which drink I'd like to order by asking me a series of questions. It was a busy Friday night, so I really did appreciate that kind of interaction. Drinks: Carolac - definitely for the whiskey lovers. So smooth, i'd highly recommend Garden Gimlet -  super refreshing Food: Habanero and Cilantro Infused Popcorn - yes yes and yes. I can't even gawk up the words to describe how much i loved this little snack. For $3 bucks, they give such a generous portion. Now I'm craving this and probably wouldn't mind driving to oakland from the south bay for it. Meatloaf something something - got it without the bread as meatloaf is generally heavy. So worth itRoasted Chicken Sandwich -  i was sufficiently semi-inebriated, so i can't get into specifics. But I just remember the bread was crunchy and the contents of the sammie were perfect. Braised Oxtail Sandwich - RAN OUT. Which means i am coming back for this sammie for sure.
The sandwiches here are ridiculously amazing--highly recommend getting one.  I had the tomato and mozzarella and it was excellent.  The bocce ball is really fun too, definitely a fun place to be.  The atmosphere is really laid back which I also appreciated.
Love this bar. Its centrally located to the bart, my apartment, theaters, and other bars. Its a mix of local watering hole and visitors going to shows. There are your usuals and constant new faces. This bar is also very social and setup to for meeting other people. Drinks are not to expensive but the only downfall is that it always gets too packed on the weekend. And first friday is way too crowded to get a drink.
this is top notch, have been here a few times from after work to saturday night and a different vibe every time, packed on the saturday night, so maybe not the place to get your drink on! the bar was too busy so we ended up ordering double rounds... maybe thats the plan?! but afterwork there is a good cocktail menu and its just nice... worth a visit...
Definitely mixed feelings about this place. We stumbled in after an attempt at Dogwood turned sour (aka the place is extremely small, and if you don't get there early, you'll be standing awkwardly in the middle of the room).AMBIANCE.Definitely a lot of bros in the bar the night we were there, making it ridiculously loud and crowded. We lucked out and got a spot at the bar, but constantly had people hovering over us, trying to order from the ever elusive bartenders. SERVICE.Honestly, the bartenders were nice guys, but incredibly busy, meaning you were lucky if it took 10 minutes to order a drink, and at least 5 minutes to get it, no matter how simple the order was. Also, there was a lack of consistency in the cocktail making - a random piece of fruit was tossed (or omitted completely) in my whiskey sours, which was disappointing, and it was an incredible effort just to flag anyone down to ask for the right lime wedge.DINING.Weirdly enough, they do have a kitchen with a basic menu in the back of the bar, although it looks like no one knows what they're doing, and like someone might cut or burn themselves at any moment. We ended up getting some sandwich (blanking on the name) with mashed potatoes in it, and it was actually pretty darn good. Not sure if the food menu is a new addition or not, because our bartender was very set on telling us they didn't offer any of the items we wanted, until we showed him the menu.Overall, it's a heck of a lot cheaper going here than getting a drink at the Fox Theater, but also a lot more effort.
This is probably one of my favorite bars in Oakland.   I've come here many times and though it's always crowded the bartenders are always on top of things.  For the first time this past tuesday evening, I came here early enough with a date to have food.  The habanero cilantro popcorn is off the hook!  As my date said, like crack you keep going back for more lolWe also had pork belly w/ this creamy lemon sauce with fresh sourdough bread, so good!  Plus really good beers(and ipa for him and a heff for me) .This is my go to spot when Im out in oakland.  Love me a good lemon drop or a chocolate cake shot.
This place is teeming with the after work crowd on Fridays, and busy on Saturday nights. This past Thursday, my group of 3 hit this up as our last stop on our mini-Happy Hour pub crawl. We missed HH, but still ordered a few drinks anyway. Luckily, it wasn't too packed. You can take your drink outside at some of their outdoor tables. Bocce inside, and their bar is made out of recycled pool table slate material or something (you can see the dots for where you would line up the cue ball on it). I thought the Buffala Negra would be good, since it had ginger beer and whiskey in it, which is usually a good look. I was leery of the balsamic syrup, but figured it wouldn't be too overpowering. You know what assuming does, right? The balsamic was basically the whole drink, and made it taste like a salad. I'd definitely stick to beers here in the future. Pacifico (with lime, not my call, but not a dealbreaker) was a better selection. Space can accomodate a ton of people, so bring your friends.
This is a great local Oakland spot! I came here on a date once and I was already a little tips so I just decided to drink their cucumber and lemon infused water (so refreshing!) and to make sure that I remembered the date the next day. There are tall tables around the perimeter of the place and there is also an area where you can sit outside. The best part is that there is this thing called Bocce ball? I feel like I really need to know and love this game because it sounds like my last name. The bartenders are awesome and timely. The bouncers are super sweet and hilarious! They were really knowledgeable about Oakland. Now that I live here, I was thankful that I remembered the date (and even the person on the date) so that my roomie and I can explore many more fun Oakland spots in our new town.OH and great selection of beer on tap! AND awesome architecture and super clean bathrooms!
The bartenders are awesome and knowledgeable. I make it my mission to try something new when I go out so it was great to have such creativity and smarts about beer and cocktails. Also, the bocce ball courts are awesome and a really neat addition to the overall character. Highly recommended overall if you want something to make you smile.
I've always loved this place, but when it's insanely crowded, it can be so difficult to get a drink that it becomes frustrating. I came here on a recent Saturday night after 9pm for a friend's birthday, and was delighted that it was crowded, but not too crowded.  We were able to find a table for our group, and even played a round of bocce ball.  The bartenders were friendly, and not being bombarded, so it was easy to order drinks for our group all night.  The food here is delicious too, particularly the chicken sandwich and the popcorn.  I also like how they have an ice cold water dispenser at the left side of the bar where patrons can serve themselves.  I think I probably drank as much water as I did drinks, which I was definitely thankful for the next morning.
LOVED.This place is quite simple. They aren't about the fancy decor, it's almost all black inside. Super laid back vibe. Fresh air, smooth drink, popcorn, friendly bartenders...all you need.Had two Conquistadors. YES. Shared the artichoke jar thing. YES.Habanero Popcorn. YES.
Absolutely love the happy hour here!!!! Great prices, and a good selection of cocktails (cocktail menu rotates). The patio is perfect. Super friendly staff, which is always a plus. I think there may be a few different scenes here, because while I've heard it gets really bro (do people still say that?) at times,  I've never experienced this dark side (my friend did though)Really limited small menu, but its solid. The popcorn is so freaking good- it's seriously amazing!!!!!and, I love the sandwiches! It's nice to come for happy hour on a Saturday or Sunday, then walk over to Cafe Van Kleef for greyhounds and whatnot.
Made a side trip after dinner for some libations in Dtwn Oakland on a beautiful Saturday Summer evening. The place was a little busy around 10pm but then completely packed by 11pm. Getting a drink wasn't a hassle and the Bartender was super friendly. I had ordered a Makers Mark old fashioned and a Long Island iced tea. The Old fashioned was quite strong but the Long Island was a little weak. I do love that they tossed in the Habernero Cilantro popcorn for free. Our large party of 6 were able to obtain a communal table and we watched the Bocci Ball match which was going on to our left. Great crowd and ambiance was felt throughout the bar. We had 2 rounds of drinks and I got to try their Dog Fish head IPA which was quite "hoppy", but delicious for any beer lover. I will be back to try some of their more unique concoctions like the Garden Gimlet.
Put a bird on it fake-stter bar.  Crowded, and the uncomfortable type of crowded where hands kept brushing up on me inappropriately.  The drinks were delicious (French Muse and Buffala Negra were my favorite) but prepare to wait for 30 minutes to order on a Saturday night.  It was like the Marina district clashed with Portland, odd.  I was over the place in a matter of 5 minutes but stayed because the group I was with didn't want to leave.  Only time I would want to come back is if I wanted a "French Muse" drink before a show at the Fox Theater.I'm probably getting too old for overly crowded bars.  Sooner or later, I'm going to start Yelp complaining about the noise level in bars.  Yikes!
This bar is pretty cool, free cover, packed after work hours. It's actually always packed. Their drinks are a little strange.. Well they're different.. Creepers too. Lol anyway I don't really know how I feel about this place.. I like it but I wouldn't go here just to go.. I gotta be like in the area or something.
This place never disappoints. Being busy = good business. I do not mind waiting in line for a drink. Especially for a basil gimlet. I absolutely love Bocce ball. It's one of my favorite games to play. So fun!By far one of my favorite places to go on a Sunday Funday. Crowd is pretty calm and it's the perfect place to chill. XOXO
From a girl who doesn't exactly love bars, Make Westing is definitely a keeper.My favorite part is the atmosphere. Though a little crowded for my taste, it's still easy to find a couple chairs and enjoy a conversation with a pal. Perfect lighting and a cool vibe, I feel right at home. And how could I not mention the bocce ball courts! Come early to get one of the two lanes.Good selection of cocktails. I'd recommend the Twilight Lingers, which is tangy and delicious.Take a chance on Make Westing, and you won't regret it.
Bartenders are good but the disrespectful bouncers ruin this place. I forgot my backpack inside and they wouldn't let me back in to get it even after I explained the situation and offered to wait in line. One dude with long curly hair was particularly nasty. He kept threatening to "knock me out". Eventually I had to sneak in past them and had just enough time to grab my backpack before 3 dudes roughed me up and tossed me out the back door. These guys need to learn how to do their job without being assholes to people who don't deserve it.
Loved this place. We were pretty lucky to find parking around 10pm because there was a rave going on at Fox during that time PLUS it was a friday!Anyways back to my review. It was really crowded as I expected when I came in here but it wasn't difficult to hit the bar. I've been at a few bars where I've had to wait in line just to get in and then wait to actually hit the bar to order. Even though it was packed, I also didn't feel overwhelmed by the amounts of people standing around or crowding the bar.I tried the Garden Gimlet and it had a lime and cucumber kick mixed into it. Not really a cucumber fan soo I wasn't digging the cocktail too much. I also tried the French Muse and this cocktail with the word Brazil in itI'm too lazy to look back at the menu right now to see what the actual name was, but I actually enjoyed those drinks better. Outside the cocktail menu, they had a pretty wide range of drinks to order. I eventually ended up going simple and settling for drinking Henessey mixed with Coke though. We came very late so we couldn't order actual food but the popcorn was really good though!!! I loved how it was spicy!! I never had popcorn like that. Plus the server was kind enough to give us more free popcorn even though we were raiding her with lots of orders. My only complaint was the bathrooms because the sinks were clogged with tissue paper and they really needed to clean up the trash bins because they were really full. Other than that, I'll go back here
I've been here twice - once as the designated driver, and once as the token drunk chick ;) So the first time I was here I ate a bunch of delicious food - oh man you've gotta try that rabbit stuff in a jar! It sounds weird and gross but oh man it is DELICIOUS!!! Also the popcorn and both the chicken sandwich and oxtail sandwich were good (I had bites of other peoples' stuff, I don't actually have five stomachs haha). They also have bocci ball!!! Never played it before so I tried and I suck pretty bad at it :P The only downsides are that they charge you extra for bread if you need more; the rabbit dish is something that you spread on bread and they don't give you nearly enough bread for it and that's kinda lame. I mean it's only a dollar more but it's just the principal of it. Also the service is not particularly fast, I waited a while for my food and it was tough to get the attention of the bartenders. Otherwise this place is a winner! Yummy (and strong!) house cocktails and bocci ball and an extremely chill environment :)
Loved everything I had here but I really liked the French Muse. It was a beautiful coral pink with a raspberry garnish.The bocce ball was why I came and I love that there's two lanes for two games to go on at a time. There's really nothing as wonderful as freshly popped popcorn so I highly recommend the habanero and basil popcorn. I can't really handle spicy food but this was perfection in terms of heat and flavor. My food partner wished it was a little spicier.
I'm a Moscow Mule head and they knew how to make them pretty well here.  Nice blend of citrus &amp; ginger beer without being over powering. Beautiful back bar and friendly staff who acts like they know you, even if they don't. Well done. Love the bocce ball set up too.  Except for some attitude from a bar patron for taking too long with our game (we decided to play best out of 7, OKAY DUDE), we had a great time. Obviously I was part of the winning team... beginners luck...or maybe mule luck?Gracias, Make Westing...ya did good, kid!
If you couldn't tell from the obscure name of this bar and the presence of Bocce Ball and rustic wood decor everywhere, this place is cool. But it's not trying too hard to be cool - it actually succeeds. It's a great addition to this part of Oakland, a town that has always been cool but is getting even cooler by the minute. As for the drinks - fab. Any of the specialty cocktails on the menu will make you extremely happy. The place gets pretty insane with crowds so it's not always easy to order said drinks, but once you do you and your liver and your tongue will be pleased. My favorite on a recent warm evening was the garden gimlet, a lovely fresh combo of basil, cucumber, and gin. Like a garden party in your mouth! Five stars not quite reached because it truly does become a circus on weekend evenings, making it difficult to get even a space at the bar or a corner of table on which to set your lovely beverage. But I assume that this place is still experiencing a lot of buzz despite having been around for a while and eventually the crowds will simmer down. And when they do, I'll be there - bocce ball in one hand, Garden Gimlet in the other.
I prefer this bar before about 9pm, after that it gets incredibly crowded and loud and it's uncomfortable.  Before about 9pm this place is fabulous with great drinks and beer selection, delicious food, and bartenders who are really on top if it.  They have a 2 free bocce ball courts which makes for a really fun time!!
I love the crowd here and the bouncers, a star for each! The bartenders, however,  are awful and the drinks are even worse.  I just don't understand why establishments keep hiring the same affect-less, unfriendly person to serve their customers.  We spend more money when we feel comfortable - we will not spend it when some robot is pouring out and shoving liquor in my face.  I don't need a drink that badly. This is my bf's fave bar so we are here quite often, much to my chagrin.  A disturbing pattern to note (twice for me and once for him) is a super inflated INCORRECT bill.  We're not lushes and dropping hundreds at a bar isn't our MO.  Be watchful here.  I can imagine if we didn't pay attention to the receipt and were a little buzzed, you could easily be duped.  Not cool.
This Oakland neighborhood bar is so cool - I didn't feel cool enough to be there.  But too bad, my money's just as good as those hipsters!  Free bocce ball courts, 24 oz Pabst Blue Ribbon (in a can, of course) for $3.00, I was in love the moment I walked in!  Make sure to get there early so you can get a table or a place at the bar.
I end up here once a week.... and i live in SF. Remember what the Valencia/Mission corridor bars were like BEFORE the "influx" of fake-sters? yup. this is that. Clean, comfortable, GREAT classic music and modern alternative ala SiriusXM 35 and Classic Vinyl, great drinks, delicious jalapeno popcorn, well-priced pints and 24oz tall boys, and oh yeahBocce. :-)always a good crowd on week nights, especially after Fox theater shows, and always a solid ratio.
This bar rocks.  Probably my favorite bar in downtown oakland.  It's right by the fox theater.  Almost has a cafe vibe from outside, with the outdoor tables.  Inside is a big bar and 2 indoor bocce courts!!  (Yes, my bocce game is fo real~)Friday nights and happy hours are busy but not crazy inside.  Got 2 bulliets on the rocks and the bartender's pour was PROPER~!!  Can't recommend this place enough.  Friendly, chill crowd and a guaranteed good time.
I wasn't a huge fan of this place .... until recently.  Old Fashioned w/ Templeton Rye.  Love it.  The popcorn is interestingly addicting  They have =bocce ball if you're into that sort of thing. It's not pinball or anything but I guess it's semi cool
Garden Gimlet - get it. The Brazilian cocktail was very good too. Interesting mix of a crowd here - very good on a Friday night. They have spicy popcorn available to order, which will have you ordering more and more drinks.Seriously though, they should sell the Garden Gimlet by the pitcher. It's that good. I ordered one and my friend was unsure - the bartender made a second one because she knew once my friend tried the drink it was going to be "a go". Man, they even know how to anticipate needs there!
All in all place was great but if you read any of my other reviews hospitality is everything to me. As Greg was awesome made delicious drinks and was really friendly a bartender that wasn't even helping us was real rude even when asking if we needed anything her name was Sasha! I have no patience with stuff like that especially coming from the service industry myself! You never know who you are serving. Plain and simple.
This is one of my go to places to go get drinks in Oakland. The have great drinks and pour massive shots! Their Habanero Cilantro popcorn is the best! They also have boccee ball but the line can get a bit long so your best chance to play is probably after work on a weekday.
I looooooove their popcorn! This place has great drinks. I always get the Brooklyn Lemonade or something along those lines. Super Oakland hipster bar. Great atmosphere and convenient location if you want to grab a drink before/after a show at The Fox. Bocce ball is fun if you can get on the courts!
I don't rate many places five stars, but for this place I think deserves it. This place is one of the most relaxing bar in the Oakland. They have some great happy hours (thought it short, but it's 7day/week), great specialty cocktails, and food. It's busy during happy hours, shows at Fox, Paramount, and first Friday (but I heard they are going make it smaller). But don't let that discourage you from going, went you are inside the place is roomy enough to stretch your body. - During busy hours they should designate someone to dispense beer only. - I like the fact that they have  bocci courts , but people need to read the freakin' policies/regulations. - Try their specialty drinks, the Cucumber Gimlet seems to the most popular, but don't just settle on the most popular...try others too. So--go out, have fun, be safe, and enjoy your evening outPeace!
Place is crowded. I find it cool that they have bocce ball and a good cocktail list, but regardless not that great at night. Day time it is probably a lot better, but late at night I felt like you had to squish into one area. Wish the place was bigger.
Awesome space, cool crowd, room to sit / stand / breathe, two bocce ball courts, nice array of brews and liquors. I wish they served food after 9pm, but then you've got Rudy's across the street for your late night hangers.
The drinks are good, the food is good, and everything is pretty cheap. Lots of seats at the bar, high bar tables up against the bocce ball courts and a few regular tales on the edges. The place is loud but not chaotic. It has a good energy vibe. Service: limited. Everything is done at the bar, including ordering food, and then the food is brought to the table. But it didn't take very long for us to get what we ordered. The crowd is pretty mixed and mostly early twenties, and some older neighborhood people.
Great bar with ample room, cool people, and bocci ball. Tends to be most packed on Fridays.
Love can't even begin to describe this bar with it's industrial bank-like interior (the old timey safe kinda tipped me off). Where else can you shoot the shiz either playing bocce ball (no I didn't stutter), at the bar or surrounding tables flanking the outer edges.Started out with a Williamsburg Lemonade (Bourbon, Cointreau, Xante Pear Liqueur, Lemon &amp; Club Soda - $8) and that in itself gave me the tingles followed by the woosles, from there I knew I needed a snack to soak up the sin.Looking over their "bites" menu, it wasn't long before our little table decided on this bone marrow appetizer along with Pork Roulade. Both came with bread for spreading and was very delicious despite my initial hesitation.I can definitely see myself coming back here.
One of my favorite spots in Oakland. Full bar with very cool and friendly bartenders. Bochi balls. Great ambiance. Nice design. Good space. Cool crowd. Love it. Been there twice and the place never fails to bring me an awesome night.
Great cocktails and fun vibe.
Make westing is a very popular attraction downtown, but its wayy tooooo crowded for me. I can barely move around, I feel claustrophobic, and its so noisy!! Yes, drinks are good, and yes bochi ball is fun (if you can get a spot!) but I would rather go somewhere else where I can actually get a spot and move around without bumping in to people.
Dare I say it? This is one of my new favourite hang out spots. Why?Bocce Ball is free!!!They have spicy popcorn and other things for snacks.The drinks are strong from what I hear. I had already been tapped out from going to St. George's Spirits earlier.Happy hour until 6pm everyday including weekends. At least they did on Sunday night when I was there.Nice, friendly clientele - one guy at our table said former Mayor Willie Brown was here.The tables shift around a lot so be careful.It wasn't too crowded when we went but I'm sure when it is, it might be less fun.
I love Make Westing and it's one of my go-to spots in downtown Oakland. Good cocktails, and the habañero popcorn is the bomb. But PLEASE bring back the burrata mozzarella sandwich you used to have! The other vegetarian sandwiches have been good, but that burrata sandwich was life-affirming. Time for a comeback!
Went to Diving Dog and were ignored so we decided to try this place out instead. Outstanding service, delicious drinks, beers on tap and yummy food. We tried the habanero cilantro popcorn, pickled beets and roasted bone marrow and OMG, everything was on point! I already can't wait to go back!!!
Went out with a few coworkers for drinks in downtown Oakland, first stop Make WestingStiff drinks (pricey), dim lighting, good for crowds (interesting groups) and an indoor bocce ball court (ridiculous wait to play), need I say more? I didn't get a chance to glance over the menu but it seems like they have a good mix of cocktails and draft beers plus a large variety of hard liquor. They also have an atm located inside but not sure if this place is cash only?Overall ThoughtsToo quick to tell but off the bat it seems like a place I would enjoy calling my local bar
Came here on a Saturday night. Crowd is younger here and casual. The place seems cool with bocce ball. Big space, but still crowded. There is outdoor seating as well, which is great for people watching. To drink, I got the conquistador. It was ok. It's a little loud here, so I find it hard to mingle with people without yelling.
It's crowded but it's worth it! I love Fridays at Make Westing, strictly because it's a window into everything cool that's going on. The outdoor patio is where it's at, and you get a chance to see everyone on the streets, which is especially cool on First Fridays or after an A's game. Drinks are quality and even though the bartenders are slammed, they manage to get around decently fast. Definitely a fan!
Located in the heart of Uptown next to the Fox Theater and a stone's throw away from BART, this spot is prime in more ways than one. Their cocktails are delectable, affordable, and pack a punch. There are tasty snack options for the folks afflicted with "drunk munchies". And for the more playful, there's free indoor bocce ball - so you can play and still witness the drunken shenanigans of the eclectic, mostly hipster-esque crowd.A good time to be had by all who enjoy alcoholic beverages and noisy, rambunctious bars.
It's a scene because it's a lot of fun. Bocce court inside. Tables and stylish folks outside. Big ol' bar inside. Debauchery outside.
I have to find ways to get to Oakland early enough before shows at the Fox so I can hit this place up more often. GREAT cocktails. Even better food! Pork belly sandwich ftw! The bartender here was pretty cool, too. I'll be definitely coming back here every time when I'm in the area.
This braised oxtail sandwich is like a long ray of orange as the sun breaks the morning calm. The juicy contents would destroy weaker bread, but this sturdy combination is juicy yet crisp.  Delivered hot from the ridiculously modest kitchen, this culinary masterpiece will leave you wondering what sort of satanic ritual a sandwich must go through in order to taste so good.
I loved my short visit to this bar.  The decor is open and kind of industrial, but the vibe is comfortable, neighborhood bar.  Our bartender was great.  I really wanted to try some of the food, but we ran out of time.  We were in town to see a concert at the Fox Theater.  I will definitely try to come here again the next time I'm in the Bay area.
they have bocce ball! they have bocce ball! ENOUGH SAID!perfect place to duck into for a drink and some heavy dirty balls. i know it's a little odd, but i love ducking into hot bars (temperature hot) on a cold night. :)
I drink here sometimes just because I like to get out. This places lacks diversity. The crowd is hipster, tech we own Oakland now. I don't care for the crowd most of the times I'm there. That said the bartenders, the owner and the guys working security all make this place worth going by for a few drinks on a Friday or Wednesday after work or Saturday night.
Make Westing, you are my favorite of all Oakland bars.With your spicy jalapeño popcorn and reasonably-priced whiskey cocktails ($8-10), I get shitty enough to almost attempt to play bocce ball. Remember that time I was here for election night? Yeah, me neither. Sorry about that. Thank you for taking cards, having a good happy hour, and being right across from the Fox.Sitting at an outside table chatting it up with strangers is an Oakland must-do. The crowd here is pretty chill.
This place is hipster! You must get here early to get a table and it can get really loud! GET THE OX TAIL SANDWICH, SO WORTH IT!!!!!!!!!!!!
The place to be in Oakland. Here is a list of the great things that I experienced at Make Westing:-A great atmosphere full of people ready to mingle-Delicious (and strong!) cocktails-Attentive bartenders and possibly the world's nicest bouncers-Indoor bocce ball, just like my old Italian Pops used to play-Fish cheeks on crostini + other tasty snacksIn addition to what was provided inside, MJ's Brass Boppers New Orleans style Brass Band also happened to walk by and jammed for a bit outside. They unfortunately stopped serving food around 9pm, but luckily a hot dog street vendor was there to pick up the slack. I'll be back.
This place is packed on First Fridays. I have been here on a couple of Wednesday nights and had a great time as well.  They have Bocce Ball in the back which is awesome but I have never gotten to play because there is always a line/I drink too much and forget I am in line. The only time I have seen a line is First Fridays, but the line goes quickly. The door men are friendly, especially the guy with awesome tattoos at the back door. If you aren't from Oakland, this is a safe bar and a pretty safe area. The drinks are reasonably priced. I haven't had food here but they do serve food! Thank you Make Westing!
Having been here enough times now, I now know for sure that I love Make Westing.Firstly, as a bar, it's very attractive.  Has some open-air space and is well-lit (for a bar at least -- not TOO well-lit where you can see everyone more clearly than you should for a bar, but well-lit enough for you to be able to tell what's in your food, should you order some).  It also has the most diverse crowd I've seen for a bar -- all different styles, all different races, all different ages -- and everyone's super chill and enjoying themselves.I also love the bocce ball.  It adds an element of fun and whimsy to the chill atmosphere here, and it allows you to do something other than the usual drinking and talking.The cocktails are nice and strong, but the big surprise for me (and the reason why I'm writing this review) is that the FOOD is amazing.  The kitchen is small so the food does take awhile (expect a wait after you order), but once you get it, you'll be pleasantly astounded that the nourishment going into your mouth is scrumptious and well worth waiting for.  I split the BBQ pork sandwich with a friend, and I couldn't believe what I was tasting -- it was SO GOOD.I was so shocked in fact that I even turned to some people sitting near us, eating an entire meal, and asked them how their food was.  They replied that they loved the food here and all the food here was good.  I thanked them and said, "I just wanted to check that it wasn't just because I had a couple of drinks that this tasted so good!"  The pork cheek and shoulder was amazingly tender, and the BBQ sauce and the rest of the ingredients made this sandwich addictive.  Seriously, I have been thinking about this sandwich since I've had it.I know I'll be back to Make Westing -- so far, it's my favorite bar in Downtown Oakland; but I'm surprised to hear myself say that I will also be back for the food!  Whether for food, drinks, people, or bocce, come check out Make Westing if you haven't already!
Came in for a late night pint.  Good relaxed crowd on a Monday night.  The bartenders were courteous and attentive.  The bar has a great atmosphere that you'd expect from a downtown bar.  I will definitely come back.
Awesome Happy Hour cocktails for $5!Best part = free Bocce Ball in the back. Their popcorn is amazing.One of my favorites in Oakland.
Make Westing is about the coolest bar in Downtown Oakland, which is why if you come any later than 8pm, this place is packed to the fullest. The best time to go is from 4 to 6pm anyway, because it's also happy hour. Happy hour is $2 off cocktails and $3 beers? It's so worth it. Where can you get $3 draft and $6 handcrafted cocktails nowadays? The draft line up is respectable, all California breweries and some locals too. They also have a $3 PBR tallboy. The cocktails are really where it's at. You'd think the alcoholic lemonade was the lightest cocktail on the menu, but the Williamsburg Lemonade was really stiff. Scotty's Lament was not so much, but delicious nonetheless, garnished with a raspberry, blackberry, and cucumber even. And then there's the garden gimlet which is everyone's favorite, but I think all the drinks on the menu are winners. Aside from the drinks, the second greatest apeal of this bar is the indoor bocce ball courts. There's only 2 lanes, so don't get your hopes up, but come early and it's not so difficult. Also, get the habanero and cilantro popcorn!
Not going back. The service at the bar takes forever! I waited about 20 minutes to get a bartender's attention, even holding out my credit card didn't help. Maybe this just isn't my scene because the music just wasn't up to par with me, and the ambiance of it all was just too foreign. I'm more into hip, trendy, Somar type bars/lounges. But, I was here for a friend, so I stayed. The plus side? $9 for a bar shot of Hennessy Privilege. Now that's a deal!
Located on the other side from the uptown club (horrible), is a place that'll probably get you: a. really good a bacci ball  b. reasonably buzzed But don't write this place off as just another uptown hipster bar.  It's music, atmosphere and drinks are a MUST for any person trying out the uptown scene or just wanna take their friends to a non-club/dive bar.
We stopped by before a show at the FOX. Really great cocktails...and some excellent beers on tap. The The Conquistador was a really tasty drink and it was made perfect.Tequila, Mezcal, Velvet Falernum, Serrano, Grapefruit, Lime We also tried the "Lamb Riblets" (Roasted Lamb RibletsPomegranate Barbeque Sauce, Pine Nuts, Fried Mint)  - an interesting flavor profile that would of worked had the lamb not been so stringy and off-tasting.Good atmosphere, fun crowd and I am sticking to drinks only from now on.
This was the Second stop on our Bar Hopping night. When I heard the name Make Westing , I thought Cow Boy Bar LOL. Luckily it wasn't .  Its quite an Interesting space . My Lovely Sidekick and I started with a Blood Red Rose Cocktail . It was a finely crafted Cocktail oh so smooth. Make Westing was pretty packed that night . Its quite a big open space . The cool thing was the Bocce Ball courts . I used to work for a City that had  Bocce Ball Courts in one of its parks . So this feature was near and dear to my heart. Also another cool feature was the Old Wall Safe by the Restroom . Makes you wonder if there's still cash in it ???We had a Garden Gimlet next this was a very cool cocktail . It was very refreshing and it was like drinking a salad. Great place to people watch . Saw a couple of ladies making out with each other and a couple of guys named Biff walking around.Another great addition to Uptown Oakland !!!  Uptown is becoming quite the Mecca for Craft Cocktails and interesting Nightlife and Bars.
Real men order the French Muse. But overall an awesome and hip bar. Really cool drinks and they have bocci ball.
Crowded hipster bar.I would go here after class during my field experience (we got out at 8pm instead of 10pm) and it was always crowded, ALWAYS out of Sailor Jerry, and they charge $11 for a Grey Goose dirty... Ummm... This isn't the sunset district in the city yo... this is up town OAKLAND.From what I know, they don't have drink specials  Ever.The best things about this bar?1. Ambiance can be exciting and calmed chaotic.2. Jacket and purse hooks.3. Unlimited lemon water.4. POPCORN. So effin good. We'd order three baskets.5. One of those bars that gives you the illusion you're in SFGo for a few drinks but expect to have a hard time finding seating if you come after 6.Food is good, but pricey.
Bocce ball is toooooo epic. It's a nice place only thing is that the bar tenders were straight up pricks
I Really liked this bar. Gritty hard feel on the outside, With a nice sweet center. Cool spot cool drinks good company. Nice spot. I didn't eat anything so cant say any thing about the food. I just drank ALOT.
I've gotta say going out in Oakland is not my typical thing and especially not to go out to the bar scene. It was friend's birthday so had to make the exception plus they lived like a block away.  Anyway a group of us headed out to Make Westing and I have to say I was thoroughly impressed with everything from the décor, crowd, drinks, bocce ball, to the ambiance it all built up too. After much group discussion we came to the conclusion that the crowd best represented the 'Hipster" sub culture. We went as far as to Google it: Hipsters reject the culturally-ignorant attitudes of mainstream consumers, and are often be seen wearing vintage and thrift store inspired fashions, tight-fitting jeans, old-school sneakers, and sometimes thick rimmed glasses. They have an "effortless cool" urban bohemian look and despite misconceptions based on their aesthetic tastes, hipsters tend to be well educated and with varying liberal arts degrees.So back to the place- cool spot, had tons of fun despite losing in bocce ball, and definitely want to go back again
I'm not really a bar person, preferring to spend my night hours dancing to a DJ instead of dozing off while perched on a bar stool, which is often what happens when I go to a bar. I tend to get bored at bars.. there is only so much drinking and sitting I am willing to do. (Dancing, on the other hand, I can do all night long.)But with that said, I've always had a decent time at Make Westing. They have a rather enticing-looking food menu (pate? at a bar? is this a Bay Area thing?) but I am yet to try their grub. They have some very classy and tasty cocktails. Only $6 during happy hour (4-6pm). Love the garden gimlet, but I always ask for vodka instead of gin with my gimlets. Is the gin what makes it a gimlet? Oh well. In any case, it is delish. Everyone at this bar is friendly. The bartenders, the patrons. Everyone's just chill. My posse all had red wigs on, and everyone was curious. I pretended I didn't know what they were talking about... what wigs? The first time I came here, I didn't see any eye candy. But this last time, oh man, for a second I thought Lenny Kravitz was behind the bar. I also tried to do the brush-my-boob-against-his-arm-on-my-way-to-the-bathroom thing when I spotted a Taye Diggs look-alike in a blazer, but then I noticed the ring. Oh well. All the classy ones are taken.
A friend from out of town asked me to take him and some co workers out in Oakland. I stopped by Dogwood and noticed this place across the street. I have come in and had a drink a few times in the last six months but didn't review it.A group of us went in, no cover charge and were able to get our drinks quickly from the bar. I had a martini, almost everyone else had a different drink and we were all happy. The prices are reasonable and the crowd was diverse mix, mostly in their late twenties and early thirties.I noticed a bocci ball spot in the back of the bar. I hope to come back again soon.
The go to bar in Oakland. These guys got a good menu of mixed drinks- definitely give their gimlet a try. The bocce ball is money as well. Great happy hour destination for people getting off work. The music they play is also really good stuff. Bring shazaam
This has got to be one of my favorite bars. Thanks to fellow Yelper- Egan, I discovered this Oakland gem. Before going here, I never frequented many places in Oakland and was a complete "noob" when it came to the Oakland nightlife (weird, I know!). I didn't realize how much I was missing out! Telegraph and the surrounding area have some of my favorite bars to frequent now- #1 being Make Westing.Not only did I get to enjoy a swankier bar with awesome bartenders, I also leaned how to play bocce ball! AND I am quite good at it *Toot toot*! I have always been here on weekday nights, so I have never had to deal with the weekend crowd. On weekends, people are in their like sardines and you see an overflow of people outside.They have some amazing cocktails and the bartenders are definitely artists of their craft. I usually choose simple well drinks so I can't comment on that. However, every person I have brought here have had their signature cocktails and LOVED it.
I tried my hardest to feign disinterest in Make Westing for the sheer fact that every cocktail-happy East Bayer has been talking about it. I like to pretend that I'm too original to follow the crowds...But how could I resist a room full of booze and balls? Bocce balls, that is. The place was perfectly packed on a Saturday night, with an impressive mix of polo-clad yuppies, sequined party girls, and everything in between. We knew we could slip right in and make ourselves at home at the massive bar. The space feels very equestrian, barn-like and warehousey at the same time. Yes, the bocce dust gives off an odd aroma, but you get used to it. My drinking buddy ordered the Garden Gimlet, which was probably the tastiest cocktail we had all night - a simple mix of gin, cucumber, basil and lime. We commended ourselves for being so "healthy". I mean, it's basically like drinking a salad, right?We mosied over to the rough and tough bocce court, where 2 games were being played side by side. It seems to be a confusingly simple sport, and after a few minutes of watching men cheer as their balls bumped each other, we finally asked Daniel Craig's doppleganger to explain it to us...and nodded along as he confused us further. I guess I have an excuse to come back and figure this whole bocce thing out, with cocktail in hand...officially and unabashedly following the crowd.
One of, if not, my favorite bar in this part of Oakland! Great place to stop before a show at the fox theater. Their popcorn and garden gimlets are addicting! It's a great place to kick it if you're in need of a drink and just want to relax with some friends. I will say I've never been here on first Fridays or any other time when I'm sure the bar is crazy busy. Every time I've been it's had just the right amount of people. Bartenders are usually very nice and service is pretty quick.
What?! Indoor Bocce Ball! ummm...Awesome!Knocked down a couple Chilcano cocktails, played a couple rounds of bocce ball and I was a happy camper. Cool vibe and good cocktails. I am totally in love with this place. Oaklands' hipster scene is getting out of control but I was happy to see there was a good mix of people. Of course you had your single gear bike riding-flannel shirt/dark rimmed glasses-beer drinking type but I also spotted some audi driving-suit-finance "i get my big fat bonus year end" -wine-drinkers and some bridge and tunnel (minus the bridge)-"walnut creek is kind of cool"- polo shirt - pbr drinkers as well.
While Make Westing has Bocce ball, that's really it's best attribute and the only reason I like going there. However, it is centrally located, has an outdoor patio, has a good range of cocktails and beer, and is quite large. Therefore, my friends really seem to like it, and I end up  getting dragged here pretty often. There's nothing wrong with Make Westing, really. Mostly my dislike comes from the crowd, and there's nothing wrong with them either, it's really just not my scene. The bartenders are okay, nothing fantastic. The ambience is okay, but the large space makes it feel like it should be more clubby (which is also not my scene). Come for the Bocce Ball, but leave as soon as weirdos threaten to encroach on your Bocce Ball turf.
This new kid on the block is adding to the fun and buzz of Uptown.  I like what they've done with the place, from the little patio out front, to the wallpaper and black toilets in the Ladies room. Knocked back a couple delicious Champagne cocktails and chatted with my neighbor at the bar, all while taking in the scene- the bocce ball players, the nightlife outside, the cute people chatting it up inside, and felt happy.
Great drinks! generous, strong amounts severed by experienced bar tenders! Great quality food! pulled pork sandwiches! and some delicacies served in jars! But most of all great people!
I could give a shit that people have branded this place as "hipster", no one even knows wtf hipster means anymore. Do you mean trendy, young, non hood oakland people that like a nice stella on a saturday night? If so yes, those are my people. But branding I will not be apart of. What I will say is indoor bocce ball, industrial neighborhood feel, possibly my favorite bar and go to in my hood. I go to SF a lot less after finding this place and first fridays/art murmur. Figure it out.you can also enjoy your beverage on the sidewalk with the outdoor seating. done and done.
The Conquistador is innovative and spicy just like I like my men! J/K but seriously this place is always packed on Friday and the weekends so I've never been able to check it out until a friend suggested we meet up for Happy Hour. Not the best happy hour prices but the drinks are worth it!I didn't spend much time inside but on the way to the bathroom I was able to check it out. The bar is located pretty much in the certain of the room and it's massive! Tavern feel with a bocce ball pit (not sure if that's what it's called) in the back of the joint. Do not go if you want to dance this is strictly a bar. Do not go if you are looking for sweet syrup drinks, these bartenders only serve up liquor for the mature plate. Do go if you like the new Oakland Telegraph scene. I will totally be back for some free bocce ball probably on a slower night when the place seems to be filled with only locals.
This was our first stop in the evening, a small group of friends and I decided to hit up Oakland. When I saw the sign for the establishment I laughed a bit at the creative name, I thought it was very original. The place had a warm and welcome feel when you walked in, clearly a popular place since there weren't many seats at the bar. The even had a game inside, can't for the life of my remember what it's called but it reminded me of bowling! They had many choices at the bar, we all ended up with beer since it was our first stop. We had found a table near the restroom, which was also close to the bar, at a tall table. I would definitely come back here when I'm in the area for a beer. A really cool, to me at least, thing they have here is black porcelain water closets! I was all about them! Should have snapped a picture!
One of my fave places for sure! Right from the get-go, we walked in @10:30-11PM, and got drinks pretty quickly. Every bartender was hopping; pouring their signature drinks. One of the bartenders, Glenn was especially attentive. He was very cool and hooked me up with an Old-Fashioned and a Carolac right quick.We will definitely keep supporting Make Westing as an important part of the downtown Oakland scene.
This place is the definition of great vibes! I love this place!Make Westing brings out a diverse and social crowd. The music is low but still vibrant, which creates a great setting to mingle without screaming. Feel free to get into an intense and fun game of bocce ball! Even standing around and watching is entertaining. My friends and I meet and network with many amazing people all the time! Everyone is very friendly and outgoing.Our go to drink is the FRENCH MUSE, a must have! It looks all cute and innocent, but it is slightly dangerous! 1 will have you in a chillin' mood, 2 tipsyyy, and 3 LIT!! You will feel like you have been drinking all night, which is pretty much drink goals! My limit is usually 3, I don't dare go past! I always have a great time here! Each element of Make Westing creates the perfect ambiance! This is definitely the spot to go for after work drinks, pre-games, or weekend hangouts! One of my favorite places in Oakland by far!
Hipster bar alert.Not that that's necessarily a bad thing. For the most part, it has a comfortable, inviting environment. The indoor bocce ball courts are a nice touch, but be prepared to wait a while until one opens up. By the same token, don't take too long when you get a court!I took off a star because an employee was super rude to me for no particular reason. He was clearing glasses from the bocce court area and was walking back toward the bar. I was inadvertently blocking his pathway, but instead of asking me politely to step to the side, he said in a sarcastic, annoyed tone, "It would help if you moved." Typically, that's not how you would want to treat your customers, but hey, they didn't ask me.
This is very cool placeNot a big food selection but a full barRight next to the Fox theaterHas outdoor tablesTheir pulled pork sandwiches are good
Been here a few times for drinks with friends. Cool hipster place in downtown Oakland, slow on Mondays and usually very busy Thursday-Saturday. They make really good gimlets and mojitos. The bartenders are friendly. They have appetizers as well but I cannot rate them on that since I just go there for drinks, however the habanero popcorn looked really yummy the last time I was there. Very chill place to mingle with the locals in the area, definitely a place you can wear tennis shoes or heels. Recommend this place to anyone looking to go to watch the games or hang out with friends.
I've been to this bar a handful of times and it never disappoints. It's definitely what I'd call a hipster bar, but I love it! I frequent a lot of bars in SF and this place has nothing on them. I love the crowd and the ambience of the bar. I'm going to try to frequent this place as much as possible. Great cocktails, great bartenders, and amazing people.
Braised oxtail sando!!!!!I was able to sample there Braised oxtail sandwich and let me say I will be back for more, not oily, not fatty, near perfection on a toasted bun. The sandwich on a whole was a tad small, especially if you are sharing, but the meat was tender and flavorful, not to salty, more or less all around perfect on meat to bun proportionI also sampled the bone marrow dish, no skimming on this dish, full heavy amount of bone marrow on the bone, like most places that offer this dish you are scraping the bone to get every last bit, here the marrow was heavy, oily, thick consistency, throw it on some toasted bread that is offered and it is delicious, you can dip the bread in the sauce found underneath the bone, ohh man sooo good, I do recommend this place for the food, I did sample few beers, I would stay for there food that they offerfood **** oxtail sandwich is a plus, bone marrow also a plusservice **** no wait, walked up to the bar and ordered, received the food in 5 minprice $$ambiance **** large venue, bochi ball not regulated size but folks compete here, allot of room to stretch your legs, better to go on a week night to avoid several crowds during the friday and saturday crowdsI will be back for more oxtail and bone marrow
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!It's basically the most poppin place at night time!I like their Garden Gimlet cocktail. It contains gin, cucumber, basil and lime. It's very refreshing tasting!I also like ordering their crispin cider. It's super delicious! Would I come here again?! OH HECK YA!
Love Make Westing. Located in what is now Uptown Oakland. Make Westing is serving up quality hand crafted cocktails from some of the most friendly bartenders. What I enjoy most at Make Westing is the cheese selection. Cow , Sheep or goat. I always go for the cow and each time I fall in love. Make Westing is serving Brie at its peak temp and they got it right. Outdoor seating with views of the hustle and bustle of the city. Old school tavern feel inside. Indoor Bocce. clean restrooms and comfortable seating. Make Westing is definitely key for Oakland Nightlife.I've had each of their house cocoktails and they are amazing
Make Westing was a stellar bar to visit before a concert at the Fox Theater. It was bustling and lively, but not so crowded that we couldn't get a drink. They were really nice about the kitchen closing 15 minutes after we arrived... most bars are really pushy and rude about you ordering so close to kitchen close.The burrata sandwich is a must-try, with a unique chili aioli mixed in. The gimlet was so fresh and crisp, I couldn't have just one. I might make the trip to Oakland just to visit Make Westing again!
Free cucumber water!!! The drinks are a little pricey but what can you expect for SF drinks. Its a great spot to get a post-show drink at after seeing something at the Fox!
DRINKGarden Gimlet: gin, cucumber, basil, and lime. Refreshing and easy to drink. 4/5SERVICEThis place was packed on a Friday night. There was a large crowd inside and outside the bar. It took 15 minutes to order our drinks. There's 2 lanes for bocce ball.
I've visited this bar twice and both times I felt extremely uncomfortable and out of place.After finding a seat at the bar, I was ignored by all three bartenders for atleast 15 minutes. Eventually, I enthusiastically waved one of the bartenders down to get his attention. When he finally acknowledged me, he seemed annoyed or bothered that I wanted to BUY a drink....This bar seems to cater to a very specific crowd, which baffles me in the ever so diverse Bay Area of CA.... I never understand how customer service can be so bad and/or exclusive especially when they don't realize that they are offending patrons that are spending their money in these establishments. I likely will never return to this place as long as it is the Make Westing.
After the office Christmas party I and a small handful of my coworkers still wanted to be out and about, so we made our way from The Lake Chalet over to Make Westing. We somehow managed to grab a table with seats for all five of us in the incredibly packed place, and after perusing the menu of house cocktails I decided on a Garden Gimlet (gin, cucumber, basil, and lime).I'm not a big drinker and have always had a hard time finding cocktails I like, but the Garden Gimlet was really refreshing and light. Definitely recommend.The bocce court was in full swing, the music was really good, and everyone seemed in good spirits. It was loud but we could still have a conversation, and in general the atmosphere was really positive. This is a cool place whether you're coming as a group or a couple, and I'd definitely like to come here again.
Interesting!This place has a special place in my heart. It is where I first met my husband and where he later proposed.I still haven't been able to persuade anyone to play bocce ball with me. :(Here are the perks. If you're usually a designated driver this place is still a lot of fun. There is bocce and spicy popcorn to be had.  There are friendly bartenders who don't stank face you for not consuming alcohol. They are bright enough to realize they can sell or give you something non alcoholic and that they can sell even more drinks to your pals who are imbibing.  They know the score!!! :)
Had to come back. I had to. I was in the area and the Boquerones was just screaming for me to come visit. So, I did. Damn you, Boquerones, for tasting sooo good!!!! Played a little bocce, too!!!! No regrets. I love this place!!!
Pound-for-pound, probably the best bar in Oakland, when you factor in:- bartender skillset and demeanor (Scottie particularly)- happy hour price points- crowd- BART
This place is so fun!!  My best friend and I came here on a First Friday and this place was packed!She easily bought two drinks from the bar so the crowd wasn't that big of a deal.  The line for bocce ball wasn't too bad either!  We waited, I think ten mins max?  Anyway, I had no idea how to play bocce ball before, but now I freaking love it!  It's so fun and you make friends so quickly.  The two groups that we played with (we won the first round, yay!) were super friendly and fun, even though we were slaughtered by the second group.I love the atmosphere and the super chill vibes, even though it was busy that night.  Will definitely come back again!
This is one of the least approachable bars on Telegraph. I've eaten the food here, and ended up bloody from bones which were not removed from the meat. I've also enjoyed myself here many times after work in previous years when it was comfortable, it's when they bring in the bouncers on weekend nights that you are asking to be treated poorly. I would AVOID this bar until they hire more appropriate staff. I would always love to support local business, but this place is not safe. You'll notice the reviews are dropping on this place because its going down hill fast. I would give it zero stars if I could after my recent visit.
You never know who you'll see at this bar! A group of friends met up here before the Allen Stone concert at The Fox Theatre, and low and behold, the man himself is hanging out at the bar with friends. Super cool.It's a typical laid back, casual, hipster bar. Good prices, lots of space, and and nice bartenders. I'd come back here before a show next time, too!
It is a fabulous place to grab a drink. I went on a Sunday at around 5:30, and not too bad. Plenty of seats, some fantastic Warriors fans and a few stragglers and their acquaintances.  I came for the beer and that is exactly what I had with a great list to choose from. Staff were friendly and quick to take the empties away.I like the atmosphere, I'm coming here more often
I really miss this place. It was a favorite to hit with my coworkers after 5.Pros: Big space to play bocce ball, decent noise level so you can hear yourself think, plenty of room for friends, close to everything (BART, The Fox, etc), food is fantastic (try the jalapeno cheddar popcorn as a cheap side if you're not that hungry), drinks are tasty, bartenders are friendly and easy on the eyes, bar has a unique, dim setting that makes you feel comfortable, don't know how else to describe itCon: The fancy cocktails are a tad pricey (however, there is happy hour and the ingredients are fantastic)  and we had a credit card snafu here where someone was charged double. It got cleared up after a day or two. Bonus: big glass windows for primo tipsy people watching
Good cocktails and beers, even better sandwiches.  They have a two indoor bocce ball courts as well as ample seating inside and outside.  My friend and I had the Lagunitas pale ale that was on tap along with the pulled pork and oxtail sandwiches.  Both sandwiches were good but the oxtail was out of this world.  I'm a big fan of oxtail and this place does not disappoint, it's a must if you go there!
Don't go here unless you want to be surrounded by yuppies, pick-up artists, cheats or you hate drinking because you will never get service.Bartender served my friend but made me wait 30 minutes. He served my other friend when she walked up next to me but still didn't serve me. He made drinks for dudes and ladies. He made drinks for everyone in Oakland from what I can tell. He made drinks directly in front of me and was listening as a pick-up artist said degrading things to try and neg me. He under poured my drink when he gave it to me. He was rude and wouldn't interact at all. My friends had finished their drinks by the time he served me because it was literally a half hour wait.I don't know if he thought I was someone else. Many of my friends are bartenders and I know that I wasn't breaking any etiquette or being a bad customer. I have no idea if this is standard for Make Westing but I have had so many poor experiences at this place that the only times I catch myself back is if someone drags me there.One time, I got dragged there and the line of bros was out the door. A guy tried to join our group as we got close to the front. When I was like, "what are you doing?" he started to sexually harass me in front of the bouncers, who did nothing. The wait for bocce is hours, nobody ever leaves the lane, no employee enforces any system. I've had people pretend my name was theirs and quietly take my game. I've had people erase my name from the board to take my place.Saw someone order, had to mention it: Moskow Mules are full price but come in a glass. A GLASS! This isn't even a real bar, it's just some dumb kids club.
Obviously you should order a tasty brew or cocktail, but more importantly you have to try that Braised Oxtail Sandwich--so good. I wish I could've tried everything else they had on the menu like the Duck Confit Sandwich.I arrived there right when it opened so no one was playing any bocce ball. I sort of wanted to play but ended up just catching up with some friends for a long time then hopped to another bar down the street. Bars that have some sort of sport/game that can be easily contained in a small area indoors are pretty awesome.This was a good spot to start off the night since they serve both delicious food and drinks. It was also conveniently happy hour at the time (I think 4-6PM everyday). I suggest this place as a starting point of an evening out.Make Westing is definitely a gem right off the 19th street BART station--highly recommended!
Best when not crowded. Beware the bathrooms. Girls were fresh, looking right. BUT! But the bar tender could not comprehend putting whiskey in a glass without ice. She just kept saying shot like some kind of bird. Shot? Shot? So finally just said on the rocks and fingered out as many ice shards as I could. Aside: I order whiskey because i like how it tastes not because I want a shot. If I wanted a shot I would have ordered that bullet crap,not a fine beverage such as Jameson's. But the girls were on point so fuck. Three stars it is.
Make Westing: Guaranteed enjoyable space no matter the occasion.For the TL;DR:1. More-so a bar than a club or restaurant2. Theme: Dark and... dungeon-y?  Very cool.3. Happy Hour is everyday from 4PM - 6PM4. Tends to be crowded with mid 20's - late 30's5. Groups flourish here more than dates6. Bocce Ball - Read the instructions or don't; you'll still have funI've been to Make Westing every single time I've gone out for a pub crawl in Downtown Oakland even if just for a drink or two.  It is very much so the "go-to" and "default" place to be.  I've made a ton of acquaintances here and there have always been new groups of people despite it being a staple in downtown.  If you were to take visitors to one place in downtown for their first time, I would definitely say take them here.They have Bocce Ball.  I still don't know how to play but I do anyways then laugh it off as if we really know what we're doing.  It is pretty difficult to understand and read the instructions when you're 4 drinks in.  Also, there's usually a line to play.I personally think that there is plentiful of space.  The security guards do a good job at making sure the place isn't too packed so that it's not shoulder to shoulder.  You get to move around and mingle very easily.  There is seating but the pioneers probably have been there for awhile holding onto it.  Outside is a patio where you can smoke and chit chat.I love the crowd here.  You know how some bars are known for just having crazy, inebriated, intoxicated, wild, woo-ish patrons all over?  I'm happy to report that of all the times I've been here it was not like that.  It's casual but not overly casual.  People definitely make an effort to be presentable here but don't look as if they're about to hit the nightclub.  Don't expect to hear EDM nor top 40's here (Thank God).  Anyways, I obviously encourage you to go here; you will most definitely see me here again numerous times in the future.A nice tid bit of information: Make Westing got it's name from one of Jack London's short stories.
Well made cocktails, though not particularly alcoholic--I had three different gin drinks one night and felt completely sober. (And two is usually my limit as I'm kind of a lightweight.) The food in jars concept is pretty heavy handed and not really aesthetically pleasing. Come early to get in on the Bocce ball if that's why you're here--serious ballers take them over around 7 and never give them up.
This is a nice place to stop off for a drink or two if you are in the area for a show or just want a place to relax. I had a Garden Gimlet, my first alcoholic beverage with cucumber. Very refreshing. They get 5 stars because they have Absinthe and know how to serve it. The snacks are great too. It can sometimes get crowded and loud, but the service and choices are excellent.
Some coworkers invited me out to Make Westing because it is near work, and I accepted, figuring I'd have a quick drink, bond a little, then head out. I stayed for several hours, instead. Drink prices were decent, the place looked clean and eclectic, and I had a blast playing bocce ball for the first time ever. I'll have to go back a few more times to write a more comprehensive review, but I had a great first visit.
Good drinks and bouchée ball. The crowd is meh. I wouldn't come here again I'm over it.
It's a cool spot! I enjoy myself every time I hang out at MW. The bartenders are awesome and the place has a pretty cool vibe. Great place to have a few drinks with friends. The food is a bit pricey but definitely delicious. I can't speak on their  mixed drinks because I'm a beer girl, but they seem to be mixing some popular concoctions all the time. This place is clean and although a bit small, it's spacious. For those who enjoy bocce ball there is an ample space for that too. It's walking distance from the Fox and Paramount so you will often meet people catching a drink before their show. There is seating outside (not too much) and large tables near the entrance to sit and chat with your pals.
DUCK CONFIT SANDWICH. Believe it. The sandwich was packed with tender duck. Fresh bread. Good proportion of ingredients. I'm drooling just thinking about it. The infused popcorn is also good! Especially when you're enjoying the awesome happy hour specials!! I could only stay for a drink and a quick bite, but I'll definitely be back for happy hour. And to play bocce ball!!
Ok, here it is. Super chill, good open space bar. Good bartenders, great location, tasty foods and the popcorn ...! Just the correct amount of spice to accompany your beer. Appropriate prices, and the eats are a small sweet selection. And yum to the whiskey smash made by the fantastic Martin! Great for a impromptu meeting with friends - this place hit the spot! And I must give the proper shout-out to those who maintain the restroom facilities, I mean, really! Slick, clean, black tiled, well-lit restrooms. dude, thank you :) needless to say, great place! Go here!
Came here for the second time last night to celebrate my lady's birthday. The environment is great, bartenders are friendly and make delicious stiff drinks, and there is bocce ball! Although it got really busy, the bartenders were extremely friendly and stayed calm. Will definitely return!
Stumbled into Make Westing per recommendation from a friend before heading into see Tegan and Sara at the Fox Theatre, and I must say, i'm so glad I went here prior to the show! I'm in love with Make Westing. The bartender was very patient as she tried to help me narrow down which drink I'd like to order by asking me a series of questions. It was a busy Friday night, so I really did appreciate that kind of interaction. Drinks: Carolac - definitely for the whiskey lovers. So smooth, i'd highly recommend Garden Gimlet -  super refreshing Food: Habanero and Cilantro Infused Popcorn - yes yes and yes. I can't even gawk up the words to describe how much i loved this little snack. For $3 bucks, they give such a generous portion. Now I'm craving this and probably wouldn't mind driving to oakland from the south bay for it. Meatloaf something something - got it without the bread as meatloaf is generally heavy. So worth itRoasted Chicken Sandwich -  i was sufficiently semi-inebriated, so i can't get into specifics. But I just remember the bread was crunchy and the contents of the sammie were perfect. Braised Oxtail Sandwich - RAN OUT. Which means i am coming back for this sammie for sure.
The sandwiches here are ridiculously amazing--highly recommend getting one.  I had the tomato and mozzarella and it was excellent.  The bocce ball is really fun too, definitely a fun place to be.  The atmosphere is really laid back which I also appreciated.
Love this bar. Its centrally located to the bart, my apartment, theaters, and other bars. Its a mix of local watering hole and visitors going to shows. There are your usuals and constant new faces. This bar is also very social and setup to for meeting other people. Drinks are not to expensive but the only downfall is that it always gets too packed on the weekend. And first friday is way too crowded to get a drink.
this is top notch, have been here a few times from after work to saturday night and a different vibe every time, packed on the saturday night, so maybe not the place to get your drink on! the bar was too busy so we ended up ordering double rounds... maybe thats the plan?! but afterwork there is a good cocktail menu and its just nice... worth a visit...
Definitely mixed feelings about this place. We stumbled in after an attempt at Dogwood turned sour (aka the place is extremely small, and if you don't get there early, you'll be standing awkwardly in the middle of the room).AMBIANCE.Definitely a lot of bros in the bar the night we were there, making it ridiculously loud and crowded. We lucked out and got a spot at the bar, but constantly had people hovering over us, trying to order from the ever elusive bartenders. SERVICE.Honestly, the bartenders were nice guys, but incredibly busy, meaning you were lucky if it took 10 minutes to order a drink, and at least 5 minutes to get it, no matter how simple the order was. Also, there was a lack of consistency in the cocktail making - a random piece of fruit was tossed (or omitted completely) in my whiskey sours, which was disappointing, and it was an incredible effort just to flag anyone down to ask for the right lime wedge.DINING.Weirdly enough, they do have a kitchen with a basic menu in the back of the bar, although it looks like no one knows what they're doing, and like someone might cut or burn themselves at any moment. We ended up getting some sandwich (blanking on the name) with mashed potatoes in it, and it was actually pretty darn good. Not sure if the food menu is a new addition or not, because our bartender was very set on telling us they didn't offer any of the items we wanted, until we showed him the menu.Overall, it's a heck of a lot cheaper going here than getting a drink at the Fox Theater, but also a lot more effort.
This is probably one of my favorite bars in Oakland.   I've come here many times and though it's always crowded the bartenders are always on top of things.  For the first time this past tuesday evening, I came here early enough with a date to have food.  The habanero cilantro popcorn is off the hook!  As my date said, like crack you keep going back for more lolWe also had pork belly w/ this creamy lemon sauce with fresh sourdough bread, so good!  Plus really good beers(and ipa for him and a heff for me) .This is my go to spot when Im out in oakland.  Love me a good lemon drop or a chocolate cake shot.
This place is teeming with the after work crowd on Fridays, and busy on Saturday nights. This past Thursday, my group of 3 hit this up as our last stop on our mini-Happy Hour pub crawl. We missed HH, but still ordered a few drinks anyway. Luckily, it wasn't too packed. You can take your drink outside at some of their outdoor tables. Bocce inside, and their bar is made out of recycled pool table slate material or something (you can see the dots for where you would line up the cue ball on it). I thought the Buffala Negra would be good, since it had ginger beer and whiskey in it, which is usually a good look. I was leery of the balsamic syrup, but figured it wouldn't be too overpowering. You know what assuming does, right? The balsamic was basically the whole drink, and made it taste like a salad. I'd definitely stick to beers here in the future. Pacifico (with lime, not my call, but not a dealbreaker) was a better selection. Space can accomodate a ton of people, so bring your friends.
This is a great local Oakland spot! I came here on a date once and I was already a little tips so I just decided to drink their cucumber and lemon infused water (so refreshing!) and to make sure that I remembered the date the next day. There are tall tables around the perimeter of the place and there is also an area where you can sit outside. The best part is that there is this thing called Bocce ball? I feel like I really need to know and love this game because it sounds like my last name. The bartenders are awesome and timely. The bouncers are super sweet and hilarious! They were really knowledgeable about Oakland. Now that I live here, I was thankful that I remembered the date (and even the person on the date) so that my roomie and I can explore many more fun Oakland spots in our new town.OH and great selection of beer on tap! AND awesome architecture and super clean bathrooms!
The bartenders are awesome and knowledgeable. I make it my mission to try something new when I go out so it was great to have such creativity and smarts about beer and cocktails. Also, the bocce ball courts are awesome and a really neat addition to the overall character. Highly recommended overall if you want something to make you smile.
I've always loved this place, but when it's insanely crowded, it can be so difficult to get a drink that it becomes frustrating. I came here on a recent Saturday night after 9pm for a friend's birthday, and was delighted that it was crowded, but not too crowded.  We were able to find a table for our group, and even played a round of bocce ball.  The bartenders were friendly, and not being bombarded, so it was easy to order drinks for our group all night.  The food here is delicious too, particularly the chicken sandwich and the popcorn.  I also like how they have an ice cold water dispenser at the left side of the bar where patrons can serve themselves.  I think I probably drank as much water as I did drinks, which I was definitely thankful for the next morning.
LOVED.This place is quite simple. They aren't about the fancy decor, it's almost all black inside. Super laid back vibe. Fresh air, smooth drink, popcorn, friendly bartenders...all you need.Had two Conquistadors. YES. Shared the artichoke jar thing. YES.Habanero Popcorn. YES.
Absolutely love the happy hour here!!!! Great prices, and a good selection of cocktails (cocktail menu rotates). The patio is perfect. Super friendly staff, which is always a plus. I think there may be a few different scenes here, because while I've heard it gets really bro (do people still say that?) at times,  I've never experienced this dark side (my friend did though)Really limited small menu, but its solid. The popcorn is so freaking good- it's seriously amazing!!!!!and, I love the sandwiches! It's nice to come for happy hour on a Saturday or Sunday, then walk over to Cafe Van Kleef for greyhounds and whatnot.
Made a side trip after dinner for some libations in Dtwn Oakland on a beautiful Saturday Summer evening. The place was a little busy around 10pm but then completely packed by 11pm. Getting a drink wasn't a hassle and the Bartender was super friendly. I had ordered a Makers Mark old fashioned and a Long Island iced tea. The Old fashioned was quite strong but the Long Island was a little weak. I do love that they tossed in the Habernero Cilantro popcorn for free. Our large party of 6 were able to obtain a communal table and we watched the Bocci Ball match which was going on to our left. Great crowd and ambiance was felt throughout the bar. We had 2 rounds of drinks and I got to try their Dog Fish head IPA which was quite "hoppy", but delicious for any beer lover. I will be back to try some of their more unique concoctions like the Garden Gimlet.
Put a bird on it fake-stter bar.  Crowded, and the uncomfortable type of crowded where hands kept brushing up on me inappropriately.  The drinks were delicious (French Muse and Buffala Negra were my favorite) but prepare to wait for 30 minutes to order on a Saturday night.  It was like the Marina district clashed with Portland, odd.  I was over the place in a matter of 5 minutes but stayed because the group I was with didn't want to leave.  Only time I would want to come back is if I wanted a "French Muse" drink before a show at the Fox Theater.I'm probably getting too old for overly crowded bars.  Sooner or later, I'm going to start Yelp complaining about the noise level in bars.  Yikes!
This bar is pretty cool, free cover, packed after work hours. It's actually always packed. Their drinks are a little strange.. Well they're different.. Creepers too. Lol anyway I don't really know how I feel about this place.. I like it but I wouldn't go here just to go.. I gotta be like in the area or something.
This place never disappoints. Being busy = good business. I do not mind waiting in line for a drink. Especially for a basil gimlet. I absolutely love Bocce ball. It's one of my favorite games to play. So fun!By far one of my favorite places to go on a Sunday Funday. Crowd is pretty calm and it's the perfect place to chill. XOXO
From a girl who doesn't exactly love bars, Make Westing is definitely a keeper.My favorite part is the atmosphere. Though a little crowded for my taste, it's still easy to find a couple chairs and enjoy a conversation with a pal. Perfect lighting and a cool vibe, I feel right at home. And how could I not mention the bocce ball courts! Come early to get one of the two lanes.Good selection of cocktails. I'd recommend the Twilight Lingers, which is tangy and delicious.Take a chance on Make Westing, and you won't regret it.
Bartenders are good but the disrespectful bouncers ruin this place. I forgot my backpack inside and they wouldn't let me back in to get it even after I explained the situation and offered to wait in line. One dude with long curly hair was particularly nasty. He kept threatening to "knock me out". Eventually I had to sneak in past them and had just enough time to grab my backpack before 3 dudes roughed me up and tossed me out the back door. These guys need to learn how to do their job without being assholes to people who don't deserve it.
Loved this place. We were pretty lucky to find parking around 10pm because there was a rave going on at Fox during that time PLUS it was a friday!Anyways back to my review. It was really crowded as I expected when I came in here but it wasn't difficult to hit the bar. I've been at a few bars where I've had to wait in line just to get in and then wait to actually hit the bar to order. Even though it was packed, I also didn't feel overwhelmed by the amounts of people standing around or crowding the bar.I tried the Garden Gimlet and it had a lime and cucumber kick mixed into it. Not really a cucumber fan soo I wasn't digging the cocktail too much. I also tried the French Muse and this cocktail with the word Brazil in itI'm too lazy to look back at the menu right now to see what the actual name was, but I actually enjoyed those drinks better. Outside the cocktail menu, they had a pretty wide range of drinks to order. I eventually ended up going simple and settling for drinking Henessey mixed with Coke though. We came very late so we couldn't order actual food but the popcorn was really good though!!! I loved how it was spicy!! I never had popcorn like that. Plus the server was kind enough to give us more free popcorn even though we were raiding her with lots of orders. My only complaint was the bathrooms because the sinks were clogged with tissue paper and they really needed to clean up the trash bins because they were really full. Other than that, I'll go back here
I've been here twice - once as the designated driver, and once as the token drunk chick ;) So the first time I was here I ate a bunch of delicious food - oh man you've gotta try that rabbit stuff in a jar! It sounds weird and gross but oh man it is DELICIOUS!!! Also the popcorn and both the chicken sandwich and oxtail sandwich were good (I had bites of other peoples' stuff, I don't actually have five stomachs haha). They also have bocci ball!!! Never played it before so I tried and I suck pretty bad at it :P The only downsides are that they charge you extra for bread if you need more; the rabbit dish is something that you spread on bread and they don't give you nearly enough bread for it and that's kinda lame. I mean it's only a dollar more but it's just the principal of it. Also the service is not particularly fast, I waited a while for my food and it was tough to get the attention of the bartenders. Otherwise this place is a winner! Yummy (and strong!) house cocktails and bocci ball and an extremely chill environment :)
Loved everything I had here but I really liked the French Muse. It was a beautiful coral pink with a raspberry garnish.The bocce ball was why I came and I love that there's two lanes for two games to go on at a time. There's really nothing as wonderful as freshly popped popcorn so I highly recommend the habanero and basil popcorn. I can't really handle spicy food but this was perfection in terms of heat and flavor. My food partner wished it was a little spicier.
I'm a Moscow Mule head and they knew how to make them pretty well here.  Nice blend of citrus &amp; ginger beer without being over powering. Beautiful back bar and friendly staff who acts like they know you, even if they don't. Well done. Love the bocce ball set up too.  Except for some attitude from a bar patron for taking too long with our game (we decided to play best out of 7, OKAY DUDE), we had a great time. Obviously I was part of the winning team... beginners luck...or maybe mule luck?Gracias, Make Westing...ya did good, kid!
If you couldn't tell from the obscure name of this bar and the presence of Bocce Ball and rustic wood decor everywhere, this place is cool. But it's not trying too hard to be cool - it actually succeeds. It's a great addition to this part of Oakland, a town that has always been cool but is getting even cooler by the minute. As for the drinks - fab. Any of the specialty cocktails on the menu will make you extremely happy. The place gets pretty insane with crowds so it's not always easy to order said drinks, but once you do you and your liver and your tongue will be pleased. My favorite on a recent warm evening was the garden gimlet, a lovely fresh combo of basil, cucumber, and gin. Like a garden party in your mouth! Five stars not quite reached because it truly does become a circus on weekend evenings, making it difficult to get even a space at the bar or a corner of table on which to set your lovely beverage. But I assume that this place is still experiencing a lot of buzz despite having been around for a while and eventually the crowds will simmer down. And when they do, I'll be there - bocce ball in one hand, Garden Gimlet in the other.
I prefer this bar before about 9pm, after that it gets incredibly crowded and loud and it's uncomfortable.  Before about 9pm this place is fabulous with great drinks and beer selection, delicious food, and bartenders who are really on top if it.  They have a 2 free bocce ball courts which makes for a really fun time!!
I love the crowd here and the bouncers, a star for each! The bartenders, however,  are awful and the drinks are even worse.  I just don't understand why establishments keep hiring the same affect-less, unfriendly person to serve their customers.  We spend more money when we feel comfortable - we will not spend it when some robot is pouring out and shoving liquor in my face.  I don't need a drink that badly. This is my bf's fave bar so we are here quite often, much to my chagrin.  A disturbing pattern to note (twice for me and once for him) is a super inflated INCORRECT bill.  We're not lushes and dropping hundreds at a bar isn't our MO.  Be watchful here.  I can imagine if we didn't pay attention to the receipt and were a little buzzed, you could easily be duped.  Not cool.
This Oakland neighborhood bar is so cool - I didn't feel cool enough to be there.  But too bad, my money's just as good as those hipsters!  Free bocce ball courts, 24 oz Pabst Blue Ribbon (in a can, of course) for $3.00, I was in love the moment I walked in!  Make sure to get there early so you can get a table or a place at the bar.
I end up here once a week.... and i live in SF. Remember what the Valencia/Mission corridor bars were like BEFORE the "influx" of fake-sters? yup. this is that. Clean, comfortable, GREAT classic music and modern alternative ala SiriusXM 35 and Classic Vinyl, great drinks, delicious jalapeno popcorn, well-priced pints and 24oz tall boys, and oh yeahBocce. :-)always a good crowd on week nights, especially after Fox theater shows, and always a solid ratio.
This bar rocks.  Probably my favorite bar in downtown oakland.  It's right by the fox theater.  Almost has a cafe vibe from outside, with the outdoor tables.  Inside is a big bar and 2 indoor bocce courts!!  (Yes, my bocce game is fo real~)Friday nights and happy hours are busy but not crazy inside.  Got 2 bulliets on the rocks and the bartender's pour was PROPER~!!  Can't recommend this place enough.  Friendly, chill crowd and a guaranteed good time.
I wasn't a huge fan of this place .... until recently.  Old Fashioned w/ Templeton Rye.  Love it.  The popcorn is interestingly addicting  They have =bocce ball if you're into that sort of thing. It's not pinball or anything but I guess it's semi cool
Garden Gimlet - get it. The Brazilian cocktail was very good too. Interesting mix of a crowd here - very good on a Friday night. They have spicy popcorn available to order, which will have you ordering more and more drinks.Seriously though, they should sell the Garden Gimlet by the pitcher. It's that good. I ordered one and my friend was unsure - the bartender made a second one because she knew once my friend tried the drink it was going to be "a go". Man, they even know how to anticipate needs there!
All in all place was great but if you read any of my other reviews hospitality is everything to me. As Greg was awesome made delicious drinks and was really friendly a bartender that wasn't even helping us was real rude even when asking if we needed anything her name was Sasha! I have no patience with stuff like that especially coming from the service industry myself! You never know who you are serving. Plain and simple.
This is one of my go to places to go get drinks in Oakland. The have great drinks and pour massive shots! Their Habanero Cilantro popcorn is the best! They also have boccee ball but the line can get a bit long so your best chance to play is probably after work on a weekday.
I looooooove their popcorn! This place has great drinks. I always get the Brooklyn Lemonade or something along those lines. Super Oakland hipster bar. Great atmosphere and convenient location if you want to grab a drink before/after a show at The Fox. Bocce ball is fun if you can get on the courts!
I don't rate many places five stars, but for this place I think deserves it. This place is one of the most relaxing bar in the Oakland. They have some great happy hours (thought it short, but it's 7day/week), great specialty cocktails, and food. It's busy during happy hours, shows at Fox, Paramount, and first Friday (but I heard they are going make it smaller). But don't let that discourage you from going, went you are inside the place is roomy enough to stretch your body. - During busy hours they should designate someone to dispense beer only. - I like the fact that they have  bocci courts , but people need to read the freakin' policies/regulations. - Try their specialty drinks, the Cucumber Gimlet seems to the most popular, but don't just settle on the most popular...try others too. So--go out, have fun, be safe, and enjoy your evening outPeace!
Place is crowded. I find it cool that they have bocce ball and a good cocktail list, but regardless not that great at night. Day time it is probably a lot better, but late at night I felt like you had to squish into one area. Wish the place was bigger.
Awesome space, cool crowd, room to sit / stand / breathe, two bocce ball courts, nice array of brews and liquors. I wish they served food after 9pm, but then you've got Rudy's across the street for your late night hangers.
The drinks are good, the food is good, and everything is pretty cheap. Lots of seats at the bar, high bar tables up against the bocce ball courts and a few regular tales on the edges. The place is loud but not chaotic. It has a good energy vibe. Service: limited. Everything is done at the bar, including ordering food, and then the food is brought to the table. But it didn't take very long for us to get what we ordered. The crowd is pretty mixed and mostly early twenties, and some older neighborhood people.
Great bar with ample room, cool people, and bocci ball. Tends to be most packed on Fridays.
Love can't even begin to describe this bar with it's industrial bank-like interior (the old timey safe kinda tipped me off). Where else can you shoot the shiz either playing bocce ball (no I didn't stutter), at the bar or surrounding tables flanking the outer edges.Started out with a Williamsburg Lemonade (Bourbon, Cointreau, Xante Pear Liqueur, Lemon &amp; Club Soda - $8) and that in itself gave me the tingles followed by the woosles, from there I knew I needed a snack to soak up the sin.Looking over their "bites" menu, it wasn't long before our little table decided on this bone marrow appetizer along with Pork Roulade. Both came with bread for spreading and was very delicious despite my initial hesitation.I can definitely see myself coming back here.
One of my favorite spots in Oakland. Full bar with very cool and friendly bartenders. Bochi balls. Great ambiance. Nice design. Good space. Cool crowd. Love it. Been there twice and the place never fails to bring me an awesome night.
Great cocktails and fun vibe.
Make westing is a very popular attraction downtown, but its wayy tooooo crowded for me. I can barely move around, I feel claustrophobic, and its so noisy!! Yes, drinks are good, and yes bochi ball is fun (if you can get a spot!) but I would rather go somewhere else where I can actually get a spot and move around without bumping in to people.
Dare I say it? This is one of my new favourite hang out spots. Why?Bocce Ball is free!!!They have spicy popcorn and other things for snacks.The drinks are strong from what I hear. I had already been tapped out from going to St. George's Spirits earlier.Happy hour until 6pm everyday including weekends. At least they did on Sunday night when I was there.Nice, friendly clientele - one guy at our table said former Mayor Willie Brown was here.The tables shift around a lot so be careful.It wasn't too crowded when we went but I'm sure when it is, it might be less fun.
I love Make Westing and it's one of my go-to spots in downtown Oakland. Good cocktails, and the habañero popcorn is the bomb. But PLEASE bring back the burrata mozzarella sandwich you used to have! The other vegetarian sandwiches have been good, but that burrata sandwich was life-affirming. Time for a comeback!
Went to Diving Dog and were ignored so we decided to try this place out instead. Outstanding service, delicious drinks, beers on tap and yummy food. We tried the habanero cilantro popcorn, pickled beets and roasted bone marrow and OMG, everything was on point! I already can't wait to go back!!!
Went out with a few coworkers for drinks in downtown Oakland, first stop Make WestingStiff drinks (pricey), dim lighting, good for crowds (interesting groups) and an indoor bocce ball court (ridiculous wait to play), need I say more? I didn't get a chance to glance over the menu but it seems like they have a good mix of cocktails and draft beers plus a large variety of hard liquor. They also have an atm located inside but not sure if this place is cash only?Overall ThoughtsToo quick to tell but off the bat it seems like a place I would enjoy calling my local bar
Came here on a Saturday night. Crowd is younger here and casual. The place seems cool with bocce ball. Big space, but still crowded. There is outdoor seating as well, which is great for people watching. To drink, I got the conquistador. It was ok. It's a little loud here, so I find it hard to mingle with people without yelling.
It's crowded but it's worth it! I love Fridays at Make Westing, strictly because it's a window into everything cool that's going on. The outdoor patio is where it's at, and you get a chance to see everyone on the streets, which is especially cool on First Fridays or after an A's game. Drinks are quality and even though the bartenders are slammed, they manage to get around decently fast. Definitely a fan!
Located in the heart of Uptown next to the Fox Theater and a stone's throw away from BART, this spot is prime in more ways than one. Their cocktails are delectable, affordable, and pack a punch. There are tasty snack options for the folks afflicted with "drunk munchies". And for the more playful, there's free indoor bocce ball - so you can play and still witness the drunken shenanigans of the eclectic, mostly hipster-esque crowd.A good time to be had by all who enjoy alcoholic beverages and noisy, rambunctious bars.
It's a scene because it's a lot of fun. Bocce court inside. Tables and stylish folks outside. Big ol' bar inside. Debauchery outside.
I have to find ways to get to Oakland early enough before shows at the Fox so I can hit this place up more often. GREAT cocktails. Even better food! Pork belly sandwich ftw! The bartender here was pretty cool, too. I'll be definitely coming back here every time when I'm in the area.
This braised oxtail sandwich is like a long ray of orange as the sun breaks the morning calm. The juicy contents would destroy weaker bread, but this sturdy combination is juicy yet crisp.  Delivered hot from the ridiculously modest kitchen, this culinary masterpiece will leave you wondering what sort of satanic ritual a sandwich must go through in order to taste so good.
I loved my short visit to this bar.  The decor is open and kind of industrial, but the vibe is comfortable, neighborhood bar.  Our bartender was great.  I really wanted to try some of the food, but we ran out of time.  We were in town to see a concert at the Fox Theater.  I will definitely try to come here again the next time I'm in the Bay area.
they have bocce ball! they have bocce ball! ENOUGH SAID!perfect place to duck into for a drink and some heavy dirty balls. i know it's a little odd, but i love ducking into hot bars (temperature hot) on a cold night. :)
I drink here sometimes just because I like to get out. This places lacks diversity. The crowd is hipster, tech we own Oakland now. I don't care for the crowd most of the times I'm there. That said the bartenders, the owner and the guys working security all make this place worth going by for a few drinks on a Friday or Wednesday after work or Saturday night.
Make Westing, you are my favorite of all Oakland bars.With your spicy jalapeño popcorn and reasonably-priced whiskey cocktails ($8-10), I get shitty enough to almost attempt to play bocce ball. Remember that time I was here for election night? Yeah, me neither. Sorry about that. Thank you for taking cards, having a good happy hour, and being right across from the Fox.Sitting at an outside table chatting it up with strangers is an Oakland must-do. The crowd here is pretty chill.
This place is hipster! You must get here early to get a table and it can get really loud! GET THE OX TAIL SANDWICH, SO WORTH IT!!!!!!!!!!!!
The place to be in Oakland. Here is a list of the great things that I experienced at Make Westing:-A great atmosphere full of people ready to mingle-Delicious (and strong!) cocktails-Attentive bartenders and possibly the world's nicest bouncers-Indoor bocce ball, just like my old Italian Pops used to play-Fish cheeks on crostini + other tasty snacksIn addition to what was provided inside, MJ's Brass Boppers New Orleans style Brass Band also happened to walk by and jammed for a bit outside. They unfortunately stopped serving food around 9pm, but luckily a hot dog street vendor was there to pick up the slack. I'll be back.
This place is packed on First Fridays. I have been here on a couple of Wednesday nights and had a great time as well.  They have Bocce Ball in the back which is awesome but I have never gotten to play because there is always a line/I drink too much and forget I am in line. The only time I have seen a line is First Fridays, but the line goes quickly. The door men are friendly, especially the guy with awesome tattoos at the back door. If you aren't from Oakland, this is a safe bar and a pretty safe area. The drinks are reasonably priced. I haven't had food here but they do serve food! Thank you Make Westing!
Having been here enough times now, I now know for sure that I love Make Westing.Firstly, as a bar, it's very attractive.  Has some open-air space and is well-lit (for a bar at least -- not TOO well-lit where you can see everyone more clearly than you should for a bar, but well-lit enough for you to be able to tell what's in your food, should you order some).  It also has the most diverse crowd I've seen for a bar -- all different styles, all different races, all different ages -- and everyone's super chill and enjoying themselves.I also love the bocce ball.  It adds an element of fun and whimsy to the chill atmosphere here, and it allows you to do something other than the usual drinking and talking.The cocktails are nice and strong, but the big surprise for me (and the reason why I'm writing this review) is that the FOOD is amazing.  The kitchen is small so the food does take awhile (expect a wait after you order), but once you get it, you'll be pleasantly astounded that the nourishment going into your mouth is scrumptious and well worth waiting for.  I split the BBQ pork sandwich with a friend, and I couldn't believe what I was tasting -- it was SO GOOD.I was so shocked in fact that I even turned to some people sitting near us, eating an entire meal, and asked them how their food was.  They replied that they loved the food here and all the food here was good.  I thanked them and said, "I just wanted to check that it wasn't just because I had a couple of drinks that this tasted so good!"  The pork cheek and shoulder was amazingly tender, and the BBQ sauce and the rest of the ingredients made this sandwich addictive.  Seriously, I have been thinking about this sandwich since I've had it.I know I'll be back to Make Westing -- so far, it's my favorite bar in Downtown Oakland; but I'm surprised to hear myself say that I will also be back for the food!  Whether for food, drinks, people, or bocce, come check out Make Westing if you haven't already!
Came in for a late night pint.  Good relaxed crowd on a Monday night.  The bartenders were courteous and attentive.  The bar has a great atmosphere that you'd expect from a downtown bar.  I will definitely come back.
Awesome Happy Hour cocktails for $5!Best part = free Bocce Ball in the back. Their popcorn is amazing.One of my favorites in Oakland.
Make Westing is about the coolest bar in Downtown Oakland, which is why if you come any later than 8pm, this place is packed to the fullest. The best time to go is from 4 to 6pm anyway, because it's also happy hour. Happy hour is $2 off cocktails and $3 beers? It's so worth it. Where can you get $3 draft and $6 handcrafted cocktails nowadays? The draft line up is respectable, all California breweries and some locals too. They also have a $3 PBR tallboy. The cocktails are really where it's at. You'd think the alcoholic lemonade was the lightest cocktail on the menu, but the Williamsburg Lemonade was really stiff. Scotty's Lament was not so much, but delicious nonetheless, garnished with a raspberry, blackberry, and cucumber even. And then there's the garden gimlet which is everyone's favorite, but I think all the drinks on the menu are winners. Aside from the drinks, the second greatest apeal of this bar is the indoor bocce ball courts. There's only 2 lanes, so don't get your hopes up, but come early and it's not so difficult. Also, get the habanero and cilantro popcorn!
Not going back. The service at the bar takes forever! I waited about 20 minutes to get a bartender's attention, even holding out my credit card didn't help. Maybe this just isn't my scene because the music just wasn't up to par with me, and the ambiance of it all was just too foreign. I'm more into hip, trendy, Somar type bars/lounges. But, I was here for a friend, so I stayed. The plus side? $9 for a bar shot of Hennessy Privilege. Now that's a deal!
Located on the other side from the uptown club (horrible), is a place that'll probably get you: a. really good a bacci ball  b. reasonably buzzed But don't write this place off as just another uptown hipster bar.  It's music, atmosphere and drinks are a MUST for any person trying out the uptown scene or just wanna take their friends to a non-club/dive bar.
We stopped by before a show at the FOX. Really great cocktails...and some excellent beers on tap. The The Conquistador was a really tasty drink and it was made perfect.Tequila, Mezcal, Velvet Falernum, Serrano, Grapefruit, Lime We also tried the "Lamb Riblets" (Roasted Lamb RibletsPomegranate Barbeque Sauce, Pine Nuts, Fried Mint)  - an interesting flavor profile that would of worked had the lamb not been so stringy and off-tasting.Good atmosphere, fun crowd and I am sticking to drinks only from now on.
This was the Second stop on our Bar Hopping night. When I heard the name Make Westing , I thought Cow Boy Bar LOL. Luckily it wasn't .  Its quite an Interesting space . My Lovely Sidekick and I started with a Blood Red Rose Cocktail . It was a finely crafted Cocktail oh so smooth. Make Westing was pretty packed that night . Its quite a big open space . The cool thing was the Bocce Ball courts . I used to work for a City that had  Bocce Ball Courts in one of its parks . So this feature was near and dear to my heart. Also another cool feature was the Old Wall Safe by the Restroom . Makes you wonder if there's still cash in it ???We had a Garden Gimlet next this was a very cool cocktail . It was very refreshing and it was like drinking a salad. Great place to people watch . Saw a couple of ladies making out with each other and a couple of guys named Biff walking around.Another great addition to Uptown Oakland !!!  Uptown is becoming quite the Mecca for Craft Cocktails and interesting Nightlife and Bars.
Real men order the French Muse. But overall an awesome and hip bar. Really cool drinks and they have bocci ball.
Crowded hipster bar.I would go here after class during my field experience (we got out at 8pm instead of 10pm) and it was always crowded, ALWAYS out of Sailor Jerry, and they charge $11 for a Grey Goose dirty... Ummm... This isn't the sunset district in the city yo... this is up town OAKLAND.From what I know, they don't have drink specials  Ever.The best things about this bar?1. Ambiance can be exciting and calmed chaotic.2. Jacket and purse hooks.3. Unlimited lemon water.4. POPCORN. So effin good. We'd order three baskets.5. One of those bars that gives you the illusion you're in SFGo for a few drinks but expect to have a hard time finding seating if you come after 6.Food is good, but pricey.
Bocce ball is toooooo epic. It's a nice place only thing is that the bar tenders were straight up pricks
I Really liked this bar. Gritty hard feel on the outside, With a nice sweet center. Cool spot cool drinks good company. Nice spot. I didn't eat anything so cant say any thing about the food. I just drank ALOT.
I've gotta say going out in Oakland is not my typical thing and especially not to go out to the bar scene. It was friend's birthday so had to make the exception plus they lived like a block away.  Anyway a group of us headed out to Make Westing and I have to say I was thoroughly impressed with everything from the décor, crowd, drinks, bocce ball, to the ambiance it all built up too. After much group discussion we came to the conclusion that the crowd best represented the 'Hipster" sub culture. We went as far as to Google it: Hipsters reject the culturally-ignorant attitudes of mainstream consumers, and are often be seen wearing vintage and thrift store inspired fashions, tight-fitting jeans, old-school sneakers, and sometimes thick rimmed glasses. They have an "effortless cool" urban bohemian look and despite misconceptions based on their aesthetic tastes, hipsters tend to be well educated and with varying liberal arts degrees.So back to the place- cool spot, had tons of fun despite losing in bocce ball, and definitely want to go back again
I'm not really a bar person, preferring to spend my night hours dancing to a DJ instead of dozing off while perched on a bar stool, which is often what happens when I go to a bar. I tend to get bored at bars.. there is only so much drinking and sitting I am willing to do. (Dancing, on the other hand, I can do all night long.)But with that said, I've always had a decent time at Make Westing. They have a rather enticing-looking food menu (pate? at a bar? is this a Bay Area thing?) but I am yet to try their grub. They have some very classy and tasty cocktails. Only $6 during happy hour (4-6pm). Love the garden gimlet, but I always ask for vodka instead of gin with my gimlets. Is the gin what makes it a gimlet? Oh well. In any case, it is delish. Everyone at this bar is friendly. The bartenders, the patrons. Everyone's just chill. My posse all had red wigs on, and everyone was curious. I pretended I didn't know what they were talking about... what wigs? The first time I came here, I didn't see any eye candy. But this last time, oh man, for a second I thought Lenny Kravitz was behind the bar. I also tried to do the brush-my-boob-against-his-arm-on-my-way-to-the-bathroom thing when I spotted a Taye Diggs look-alike in a blazer, but then I noticed the ring. Oh well. All the classy ones are taken.
A friend from out of town asked me to take him and some co workers out in Oakland. I stopped by Dogwood and noticed this place across the street. I have come in and had a drink a few times in the last six months but didn't review it.A group of us went in, no cover charge and were able to get our drinks quickly from the bar. I had a martini, almost everyone else had a different drink and we were all happy. The prices are reasonable and the crowd was diverse mix, mostly in their late twenties and early thirties.I noticed a bocci ball spot in the back of the bar. I hope to come back again soon.
The go to bar in Oakland. These guys got a good menu of mixed drinks- definitely give their gimlet a try. The bocce ball is money as well. Great happy hour destination for people getting off work. The music they play is also really good stuff. Bring shazaam
This has got to be one of my favorite bars. Thanks to fellow Yelper- Egan, I discovered this Oakland gem. Before going here, I never frequented many places in Oakland and was a complete "noob" when it came to the Oakland nightlife (weird, I know!). I didn't realize how much I was missing out! Telegraph and the surrounding area have some of my favorite bars to frequent now- #1 being Make Westing.Not only did I get to enjoy a swankier bar with awesome bartenders, I also leaned how to play bocce ball! AND I am quite good at it *Toot toot*! I have always been here on weekday nights, so I have never had to deal with the weekend crowd. On weekends, people are in their like sardines and you see an overflow of people outside.They have some amazing cocktails and the bartenders are definitely artists of their craft. I usually choose simple well drinks so I can't comment on that. However, every person I have brought here have had their signature cocktails and LOVED it.
I tried my hardest to feign disinterest in Make Westing for the sheer fact that every cocktail-happy East Bayer has been talking about it. I like to pretend that I'm too original to follow the crowds...But how could I resist a room full of booze and balls? Bocce balls, that is. The place was perfectly packed on a Saturday night, with an impressive mix of polo-clad yuppies, sequined party girls, and everything in between. We knew we could slip right in and make ourselves at home at the massive bar. The space feels very equestrian, barn-like and warehousey at the same time. Yes, the bocce dust gives off an odd aroma, but you get used to it. My drinking buddy ordered the Garden Gimlet, which was probably the tastiest cocktail we had all night - a simple mix of gin, cucumber, basil and lime. We commended ourselves for being so "healthy". I mean, it's basically like drinking a salad, right?We mosied over to the rough and tough bocce court, where 2 games were being played side by side. It seems to be a confusingly simple sport, and after a few minutes of watching men cheer as their balls bumped each other, we finally asked Daniel Craig's doppleganger to explain it to us...and nodded along as he confused us further. I guess I have an excuse to come back and figure this whole bocce thing out, with cocktail in hand...officially and unabashedly following the crowd.
One of, if not, my favorite bar in this part of Oakland! Great place to stop before a show at the fox theater. Their popcorn and garden gimlets are addicting! It's a great place to kick it if you're in need of a drink and just want to relax with some friends. I will say I've never been here on first Fridays or any other time when I'm sure the bar is crazy busy. Every time I've been it's had just the right amount of people. Bartenders are usually very nice and service is pretty quick.
What?! Indoor Bocce Ball! ummm...Awesome!Knocked down a couple Chilcano cocktails, played a couple rounds of bocce ball and I was a happy camper. Cool vibe and good cocktails. I am totally in love with this place. Oaklands' hipster scene is getting out of control but I was happy to see there was a good mix of people. Of course you had your single gear bike riding-flannel shirt/dark rimmed glasses-beer drinking type but I also spotted some audi driving-suit-finance "i get my big fat bonus year end" -wine-drinkers and some bridge and tunnel (minus the bridge)-"walnut creek is kind of cool"- polo shirt - pbr drinkers as well.
While Make Westing has Bocce ball, that's really it's best attribute and the only reason I like going there. However, it is centrally located, has an outdoor patio, has a good range of cocktails and beer, and is quite large. Therefore, my friends really seem to like it, and I end up  getting dragged here pretty often. There's nothing wrong with Make Westing, really. Mostly my dislike comes from the crowd, and there's nothing wrong with them either, it's really just not my scene. The bartenders are okay, nothing fantastic. The ambience is okay, but the large space makes it feel like it should be more clubby (which is also not my scene). Come for the Bocce Ball, but leave as soon as weirdos threaten to encroach on your Bocce Ball turf.
This new kid on the block is adding to the fun and buzz of Uptown.  I like what they've done with the place, from the little patio out front, to the wallpaper and black toilets in the Ladies room. Knocked back a couple delicious Champagne cocktails and chatted with my neighbor at the bar, all while taking in the scene- the bocce ball players, the nightlife outside, the cute people chatting it up inside, and felt happy.
Great drinks! generous, strong amounts severed by experienced bar tenders! Great quality food! pulled pork sandwiches! and some delicacies served in jars! But most of all great people!
I could give a shit that people have branded this place as "hipster", no one even knows wtf hipster means anymore. Do you mean trendy, young, non hood oakland people that like a nice stella on a saturday night? If so yes, those are my people. But branding I will not be apart of. What I will say is indoor bocce ball, industrial neighborhood feel, possibly my favorite bar and go to in my hood. I go to SF a lot less after finding this place and first fridays/art murmur. Figure it out.you can also enjoy your beverage on the sidewalk with the outdoor seating. done and done.
The Conquistador is innovative and spicy just like I like my men! J/K but seriously this place is always packed on Friday and the weekends so I've never been able to check it out until a friend suggested we meet up for Happy Hour. Not the best happy hour prices but the drinks are worth it!I didn't spend much time inside but on the way to the bathroom I was able to check it out. The bar is located pretty much in the certain of the room and it's massive! Tavern feel with a bocce ball pit (not sure if that's what it's called) in the back of the joint. Do not go if you want to dance this is strictly a bar. Do not go if you are looking for sweet syrup drinks, these bartenders only serve up liquor for the mature plate. Do go if you like the new Oakland Telegraph scene. I will totally be back for some free bocce ball probably on a slower night when the place seems to be filled with only locals.
This was our first stop in the evening, a small group of friends and I decided to hit up Oakland. When I saw the sign for the establishment I laughed a bit at the creative name, I thought it was very original. The place had a warm and welcome feel when you walked in, clearly a popular place since there weren't many seats at the bar. The even had a game inside, can't for the life of my remember what it's called but it reminded me of bowling! They had many choices at the bar, we all ended up with beer since it was our first stop. We had found a table near the restroom, which was also close to the bar, at a tall table. I would definitely come back here when I'm in the area for a beer. A really cool, to me at least, thing they have here is black porcelain water closets! I was all about them! Should have snapped a picture!
One of my fave places for sure! Right from the get-go, we walked in @10:30-11PM, and got drinks pretty quickly. Every bartender was hopping; pouring their signature drinks. One of the bartenders, Glenn was especially attentive. He was very cool and hooked me up with an Old-Fashioned and a Carolac right quick.We will definitely keep supporting Make Westing as an important part of the downtown Oakland scene.
