I Dreamed a dream of dreaming.
I saw that dream come true.
That's when I  decided not to dream
And than I woke up on the ceiling!
And I couldn't find my face!
And I fumbled in the feeling and falling and all the realizing in my head!
My toy!!
It seems as though on the anniversary of my birth, the instigators of this miracle of life were too busy to remember their beautiful creation.  We’ve only been through this twenty two times so far.  Why not make it twenty three?  Oh, my dark soul.  Oh, my dark tormented soul.  And what shall you say when I call and remind you?  Mother?  Will you tell me that you had to sell a cow?  You were too busy selling a cow to call your son on his birthday.  And Father, what shall you say?  Perhaps you remarried, and you wanted to spend time with your new wife?  Too busy igniting another flame under a keg of sadness and destruction.  You’re gonna drink again, daddy.  You always do when you get remarried.
Your mom sells cows?
How long have you been standing there?
Long enough to know that your mom is a purveyor of bovine and your dad is a perving pyro wino.
It’s my birthday and nobody cares.
Are you having a party?
No.
Well that’s why.
Will you throw me a party?
I’m broke.
I’ll pay for it…
Well…
Here’s $50.  Just don’t tell me when you’re gonna throw it.
Oh…  you want a surprise party…
You sir, know the value of small talk.
I find it fascinating, your turn of phrase, your instinct for finding the right comment, and presenting it at the perfect moment...
Encore, mon-frer.  Encore.
What’s up dude.
Hey man.
What’s up, NAME4.
I heard that the human mind only stays stimulated for one and a half minutes.  I’m testing this by watching clips of Monty Python and timing the skits.  If my theory is correct, their humor is based on this notion.
Bitchin.
If I can learn to utilize this newfound knowledge, if I can just isolate the recurring conundrum, I’ll be able to extrapolate the…
YES!
Nobody even cares!  I mean, isn’t it an important day?  Shouldn’t my loved ones be flocking around me showering me with adoration?  Maybe they died.  Maybe everyone I know died.  Boy.  What a horrible thought.
NAME3 will wander off mumbling to himself about how horrible that would be.  He goes off in the direction of Cheapskate Hill.  The camera takes its place behind NAME2, who gets up and wanders through the room, past NAME4 at the computer.  NAME4 glances up at him.
Hey man.
They used to have a basement.  Right down here.  But in 1993, a cop came to break up a kegger, and they locked him in the basement and covered it.  We still drop leftovers down the ventilation tubes for him.
I heard somewhere that they gave him a homemade lobotomy, just to make sure he wouldn't escape.
THERE'S A FUCKIN HOLE IN MY BRAIN!!!!!
Quickly now!  he's found the food.  We must disappear with all haste!
Oh.  It's just NAME3 and his primal scream therapy.  Nothing to worry about.

             "I'm sad because...      Because there's a big fuckin hole in my brain where faith used to be and there's a dark spot where I find my solace, and the truth is you're just another empty fuckin whisper of a meaningless connection to no one!!  Just another dead fuckin phone call to the godless raging pitiful spit foam death gaaaa!!!!!!!"
Why the crap did you let me sleep in NAME1? I told you I had a meeting with my counselor! What’s all this?
It’s a practice interview. I let you sleep in because you were dreaming! Your leg was kicking and you were whimpering.
I wasn’t whimpering. And that’s no reason to let me miss my friggin appointment!
I don’t interrupt dreams. It’s against my belief system.
It’s your mind going through its purging style!! Oh, hey, we gotta use your room for a practice photo shoot with Robin Williams.
You have Robin Williams
Well, no. not yet. For now NAME4 is his stand in. His understudy if you will.
Stay out of my room NAME1!!
We’re still having Band Practice in there tonite!!
So anyways, Robin…
Oooh! He he…
Here, you left this outside. What’s with Bob Ross?
He helps me sleep at night. What the hell are you doing with NAME1?
I’m helping him start his company!
You know he’s delusional! Why you gotta encourage him?
I dunno. He’s fun to watch. He says he’s gonna interview Robin Williams and needs me to be his stand in.
Oh yeah? What else does he have going on?
Well, he’s got a music video for his Gypsy Dance Tune, You better help with that one. After all, you’re in the band.
Yeah, I guess I’ll tag along for that one. You don’t believe in his whole company thing, though, do you?
No, I don’t think he has the capacity to run a company. That’s insane. I think he’s doomed. But it’ll be real fun to watch.
That’s the spirit. Well, just don’t drag me into this shit. I’m already busy with Charlotte and trying to get back into school.
I wouldn’t dream of it. Can’t waste time making memories. You got tomorrow to plan for. And remember, there’s always another tomorrow to start planning for…
Hey NAME1, NAME3 thinks you’re doomed.
Why do you think I’m doomed, NAME3?
You’re trying to make sophisticated art, but in your deepest heart, you’re just white trash.
There’s talk of doom.  And White Trash.  I didn’t expect these vibrations so early in the game.  Perhaps, they just need…  a show of strength.
Why are you in my closet?
Whatcha doin there, NAME1y Boy?
The company!  We’re gonna document the development of the company as if it were a reality series!
That’s stupid.  That’s fucking stupid, NAME1.
Oh come on! You’ll be the first person in the closet, doing your fucking Primal Scream shit. What the hell is that anyways?
It’s purging!! It’s therapy!!
Not in public NAME3, that’s what we’re trying to avoid.
